Brandon Haught: Hi, how are you
Brandon Haught: Hear me
Brandon Haught: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, no, I know my
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Bye bye.
Brandon Haught: No problem.
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry about what happened with the group on Thursday, for whatever reason, it kicked me off. And then when I finally came back on. Um, I think on the
Brandon Haught: Offer. Yeah. She had, she can sort it out pretty early.
Richelle Direny: Yeah yeah whatever 636 now so I'm gonna have to find a different way. So it doesn't do that. I keep kicking me out.
Richelle Direny: What, how is everything.
Brandon Haught: Pretty good. Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Not too bad.
Okay, that's good. Okay.
That's good.
Richelle Direny: Bring up here.
Richelle Direny: For this is our first individual after we did our
Richelle Direny: We met for our intake. Right.
Brandon Haught: Yes, we did intake and then he scheduled it for today.
You are off today.
Brandon Haught: Off of work. Yeah. What do you mean, no. I work midnights
Brandon Haught: Oh, I work at a group home 11pm to 6am
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I remember those days, unfortunately.
Brandon Haught: Well actually it's kind of cool because in asleep shift. I get paid to sleep.
Brandon Haught: I'm on site on call. So I'm just there to in case there's an emergency or he needed something, you know,
Richelle Direny: So you're the only one.
Richelle Direny: That's on the chef.
Brandon Haught: Yeah. Just, just one person on midnight usually
Brandon Haught: All the time, they
Richelle Direny: Take care of right
Brandon Haught: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: Only one person that you take care of right
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I've been in homes where I've been three or four guys but I've done a 15 years
Brandon Haught: But I just had one guy now he just has a little apartment and he's real laid back and he's don't have any behaviors or anything.
Richelle Direny: Well, you walk out there.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Brandon Haught: This shift came up, I was working. I was working a double into a midnight into a day shift on a Saturday and Friday and Saturday.
Brandon Haught: To get my 30 hours 35 or 32 hours a week and then this popped up to where it was Wednesday through Sunday. So it's a lot easier. And if he's gonna brighten up the range break and still get Medicaid and
Brandon Haught: My
Brandon Haught: Food stamps or get 70 bucks for that to
Richelle Direny: You guys, how many dollars for one for
Brandon Haught: Food stamps.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you got a lot. I'll see here, we get a 10 and 15
Brandon Haught: Oh 10 or $15
Brandon Haught: I know it goes up to 200 I know that some of the people that have
Brandon Haught: Several kids, they get like
$500 500
Brandon Haught: I've heard a woman getting 500 before
Richelle Direny: I think I think this
Brandon Haught: Is
Richelle Direny: Mostly I hear like 10 $15 and I'm like,
Richelle Direny: What are you exactly you're supposed to do with that. I mean,
Brandon Haught: Yes, nothing could you buy bread and butter, peanut butter something
Richelle Direny: Pretty much, pretty much. I mean, more than that to print the card.
Brandon Haught: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Alright, so let's see.
What
Richelle Direny: You were diagnosed, you said that you have a history of depression. Right.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, depression and anxiety.
Brandon Haught: I get anxious. Ever since I was a kid, I was always anxious and this not a real people person. You know, I don't interact well and social settings.
Brandon Haught: I just, I'm getting a lot better. As I got older, I mean, I used to be so backwards. I wouldn't speak unless spoken to pretty much, you know, less I knew somebody road they were friends. You know, then I would speak a lot but it took a while for that to happen. I'm not really open open book.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you said like, actually, we were just always like that.
Brandon Haught: Yeah. As always, kind of timid when it comes to socialization. I mean, sports. I was aggressive and stuff like that. But in comp competitive and you know I've got good grades and stuff is done socially.
Brandon Haught: Do well
Brandon Haught: I get butterflies easy. You know, I just get real easy butterflies.
Richelle Direny: Um, well.
Richelle Direny: I suppose depressed and anxious
Social yeah
Brandon Haught: Yeah, depression, hasn't been too bad lately not whatsoever.
Brandon Haught: But so that anxiety, a little bit. I take Mr. All for that.
Brandon Haught: Especially a PR and but I take to every morning, just in case.
Richelle Direny: And what about
Brandon Haught: Both I
Richelle Direny: Know for their depression.
Brandon Haught: Abilify
For anxiety.
Brandon Haught: Mr.
Richelle Direny: And that's the only thing that you were diagnosed
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Well, actually I had
Brandon Haught: A long time ago I got skin so effective when I was off of a big huge drug bench. She diagnosed me the second I walked in the door.
Brandon Haught: That was really strange all sorts of drugs and then I found out from later on she she got out of there was a crisis Recovery Center is no longer open
Brandon Haught: Well, the doctor left the facility. And then I had several nurse practitioner. So you work with me for a while. And I said, I don't believe you have that now it's your sobered up and Dawn better
Brandon Haught: She shouldn't diagnosed you the way that coming off a huge drug bench especially six months to a year. I thought what I was told.
Brandon Haught: So I always tell people, that's what I honestly was diagnosed one time, but I really ain't
Richelle Direny: You don't diagnose anybody with anything if they're if they're intoxicated or
They're coming on Friday.
Richelle Direny: You know, unless you're like psychotic, but then it's the psychosis is induced by um
Richelle Direny: Substances then you don't. That's just a temporary thing but
Richelle Direny: To have it gets all effective like what other evidence that she had you are
Brandon Haught: Well, I told her that in my head. I could hear my Mom Yeah on me for some reason. And that's all I really told her she served as auditory delusion. So I was there for us good so effective.
Brandon Haught: As in my mind, but my playing tricks on me.
Brandon Haught: My mom's up there. He did you do that. I'm like,
Richelle Direny: So you're coming off of a drunk binge. There's the guilt of what your, your mom would say to you, given your circumstance or situation and your behavior do to yourself.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I was imagining it pretty much
Brandon Haught: Every drug induced
Richelle Direny: So if all the
Brandon Haught: drug induced
Richelle Direny: Healing. Yes. Are we now it's so effective.
Brandon Haught: Are we on how to now. No, no, I don't have to lose. No, I don't believe so, at all. I've, I've still stayed in the I've always stayed on the Abilify and then the Bistro. I recently picked up about two years ago.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it is depression and anxiety. Yes, social more socially finding
Richelle Direny: Generalizing fighting
Brandon Haught: Yeah, just anxiety in general, I mean it's not it's not worth it totally bothers me. I just, I'm always thinking
Brandon Haught: People on server me the wrong way or something. I get nervous about that or people don't understand me and
Brandon Haught: You get nervous about social stuff.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, interacting with other
Brandon Haught: interacting with other people. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Social anxiety.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because you've been home, you're not worried about what's going to happen to you. You're not worried when you're home. But it's just when you go out into the public, that's when you start getting real anxious
Brandon Haught: Or sometimes at home, I get a little nervous. I always think, you know,
Brandon Haught: Hope to neighbors like being things and it's just we're in tight quarters, you know, as apartment complex. So,
Brandon Haught: With my history of drug use. I don't want people to get the wrong idea.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: No, it's definitely sounds a lot more social anxiety and maybe some
Richelle Direny: Mild maybe my depression.
Richelle Direny: Or here that I'm who I would prescribe
Brandon Haught: The medication.
Brandon Haught: Dr. Chad Coleman services and can Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Is that a psychiatrist.
Brandon Haught: Yes, he's a he's a nice guy short Indian families really nice older fella. He's been in the field, a while. Pretty cool guy. Dr.
Brandon Haught: Joe a nice thorough seen
Richelle Direny: One somewhere.
Brandon Haught: About every three months I'm down to now because I've been on the same medication for a while.
Richelle Direny: And no changes. They didn't increase it didn't decrease
Brandon Haught: A
Brandon Haught: I actually asked him to go up 15 on the
Brandon Haught: vilify a while back when I was at 10 milligrams. I was just wondering, am I get depressed easier.
Brandon Haught: And I have like seasonal depression, I guess you call it.
Brandon Haught: Mine's more season on the spring and the summer and in the fall. I'm I really hardly depressed service and search getting cold out, and I'm indoors more I get more depressed.
Richelle Direny: So see them, I think. Seasonal Affective Disorder. I think that's what it is.
Brandon Haught: seasonal depression, I think.
Brandon Haught: I'm not exact term depression. Have you heard of before.
Richelle Direny: Where it was the there's the change. The change in the season person.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, it's a seasonal thing was me. So I have to just, I kept it on my own a document recommended I just told him seasonally, I might as the spring of us if it's all good. I'll probably go back down at 10 maybe just up it during the winter. So you might some early get real bad depression.
Brandon Haught: But now I'm going ok now the increase kind of helped
Brandon Haught: Me. I used to be really depressed. Like, I don't want to wake up. I didn't want to live. I didn't want to dive right in my live. I heard it said a lot
Brandon Haught: I didn't want to die, but I didn't want to live either. I was in the middle.
Brandon Haught: You know, it was, it started when I was like late when I was about almost 21 I kind of crashed it got a DUI and was stuck in the house all the time and I used to party and all the time.
Brandon Haught: It is down spiral for a long time of depression and I took all kinds of different had depressants. I've tried all that stuff.
Brandon Haught: Effects or was okay with it. And I really needed now is I don't have the same amount of depression Abilify seemed to kind of stabilize to get the neurons fire.
Brandon Haught: Because they added on demand so depressing years ago and I Manto depressant prescription ran out. So I was just taking the Abilify. And I said, well this works is fine by itself. So that's what they switched it to
Brandon Haught: These to do the antidepressant with it as a combination
Richelle Direny: Did you did talk therapy in the past.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I still I've done counseling for a lot of different off and on throughout the years for 15 or since I was about
Brandon Haught: I want to say 2223 so about last 17 years of an offer on the counseling for a long time. I do see a counselor at Qwest where was receiving the Suboxone because I had to switch over from you guys to quest calm question caller now in Canton, Ohio, and
Brandon Haught: I liked your things better is is seem to be easier to do it from home, you have a group session where they didn't really have that you just had to go in and talk to the doctor. Now is it
Brandon Haught: For 10 minutes, you know,
Brandon Haught: Highlighted good idea how other people are doing on us of auction as well.
Brandon Haught: So I like the group. I'm not huge on talking during the group, but I like to see how other people are doing.
Richelle Direny: What is so there's a fear factor surrounded on having
Info
Brandon Haught: Not fear. Exactly. Is this not a big talker and is I'm short and brief another like good socialiser I'm not a social butterfly, you know,
Richelle Direny: Well, what's the difference in terms of
Richelle Direny: Socializing one in this case, you're in your own home, you're on a camera comparison to being sitting in a in a group setting where there's other people
Around you where you stand.
Brandon Haught: Well guess what, I got this way if I'd rather sit one on one with you in a room like a same room is where this be one on one. But when a group session. I like how it is on the camera thing. I like that better because you're not crowded and all of those people in the one room.
Richelle Direny: I know, I know. So, so looking for a person with social anxiety, they'll do a little bit better, one on one.
Richelle Direny: Um, they have a little bit more control as to what's going on. They're not having to focus on everybody else they're just focusing on the person in front of them. But then there's a
Richelle Direny: We have I'm comfortable to have to to be comfortable with just the
Richelle Direny: Person one on Lauren some wanting to you to be able to identify for you personally because for everyone who has some degree of social anxiety anxiety in general.
Richelle Direny: Hear what triggers their anxiety or what puts them in an uncomfortable uncomfortable spot. It's them. So I'm trying to establish what is unique to you that makes you uncomfortable, even in
Richelle Direny: A group setting, even if we're on
Just
Brandon Haught: Just speaking, you know, I just always feel
Brandon Haught: I just know I just speak in front of people like public speaking of things I've done it before. I'm really good at. I have a real
Brandon Haught: baritone and and clear voice when I speak loudly or thoroughly and clearly people can hear me robot. I've always got a good report that I've read like Bible verses and shirts and stuff. And then all kinds of different things, but
Brandon Haught: I don't like to do it. It just makes you
You can't speak to a crowd.
Brandon Haught: I have I'm effective at it, but it is don't like to do it.
Richelle Direny: So, that's what. So I want you to think for a moment because to work through your anxiety to put you back in a social setting. Um, it's understanding what brings on that anxiety, understanding what brings on that level of whether it's is it
Richelle Direny: That discomfort.
Brandon Haught: Um,
Richelle Direny: And being able to put a name to it. Is it fear and what is the fear is it I'm
Richelle Direny: Sorry self doubt and what what what is making you doubt yourself in your ability
Richelle Direny: Is it
Richelle Direny: What what is, what is it just, I want you to think for a moment. Like, what is it, because until you're able to put a name and identify it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's something that you will always kind of struggling
Brandon Haught: Well,
Brandon Haught: It's just I always think people misinterpret me or don't understand, you know, because when I really speak I speak loud. You know, I'm really not like outspoken but um
Brandon Haught: I don't know how to explain it. I have a nice voice It carries a long way.
Brandon Haught: So you had a series, but it makes me nervous that I come off the wrong way to people like I'm I'm loud and boisterous or
Brandon Haught: Over opinionated fairly intelligent I'm short and brief of things. And some people don't understand what I'm saying, or me, you know, I'm saying in certain settings but i don't i don't want to come across as arrogant or you know anything
Brandon Haught: You get straight suitable
Richelle Direny: You're very clear cut. Yeah, I'm now.
Brandon Haught: And I don't worry about people interpreting me wrong.
Richelle Direny: Now, I often like to kind of scale back a little bit. I often like to
Richelle Direny: Go back, way back kind of conscious like what we bury without realizing that we buried it, but
Richelle Direny: Excuse me, the things that's buried oftentimes is what affects our current position our state of mind our behavior.
Richelle Direny: When you were you did you have siblings.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, one brother is younger. He does very well from so
Brandon Haught: Okay. Yes, my two nephews. The boys I call
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's right, that's right. You did say that you have your, your young nephews that you'll go to their games or what have you.
Brandon Haught: Play it. Yeah, we can see them. The other day, we were we were we were all my parents were finishing moving out of their home, they've been in for 37 years in my brother and his family. Whoa, gets last bit of stuff Friday.
Richelle Direny: Now, when you think about when you were growing up, what was it like
Brandon Haught: Like
Richelle Direny: It was it where
Brandon Haught: It was it was torture, not for my parents were at school. I was, I'd be trembling in my shoes, thinking about having to read a line in a book that we're going around a circle reading, you know,
Brandon Haught: On a basketball game. I think I want to miss a shot, I'm gonna drop the ball. I want to screw up always nervous.
Richelle Direny: And what what what brought about that, even when you were younger. Is it that
Brandon Haught: I mean, I can't say what brought about naturally was nervous.
Richelle Direny: Now think about today as well.
Brandon Haught: As we're kind of demanding somewhat they were there very good parents that they were demanding because they knew I could Excel said brains and athletic ability and they were they pushed me pretty hard.
Brandon Haught: So I was scared to fail for them to. I don't want to fail for them. And I was on my back to, you know,
Richelle Direny: You. They have great expectations for you.
Brandon Haught: Yes, it is. And once a failed miserably would have failed pretty good.
Richelle Direny: Now would you say that they were one who
Richelle Direny: They put a lot of pressure to some degree, about how you presented yourself how you spoke
Richelle Direny: Yes, where they overly critical to some
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Richelle Direny: About
Brandon Haught: Structured
Richelle Direny: You're very structured
Brandon Haught: Yes. And there's always things you described. I went through with them. Yes.
Richelle Direny: With your parents.
Richelle Direny: At home, and then did you go through that school as well. Whether it's the teachers because remember how you grew up, it's a
Brandon Haught: Fast different know my teachers love me. My teacher love me because I got I got usually got A's and B's I read. Listen to what I was taught it and misbehaving class.
Brandon Haught: I responded well to their authority or whatnot, and
Brandon Haught: I
Brandon Haught: Don't know. It's like, I want a teacher's pet. But I was a good student Jesus weren't critical of me. That is what I mean they try to bring out to me, my voice and try to get me to participate more negative way but in a positive way.
Richelle Direny: Now, when you were in school. So, so you're saying that, how, how it was for you in school.
Richelle Direny: Your teachers when you do so when you're dealing with people in authority, your teachers more supportive. They were more nurturing nurturing, they kind of pushed you to your true potential
Brandon Haught: Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: And home was it where you said this, your parents have a little bit more structure was it. Mom or Dad, that was more strict in your structure and
Brandon Haught: Kind of
Richelle Direny: Okay and so
Brandon Haught: They were good parents. They were Christian people what they were so structured with
Brandon Haught: Religion and
Brandon Haught: The discipline of how you do things in a structured and how you're supposed you do it this way, not you can't do. It's how you do it this way, like working and doing it this way or that way or whatever you want to do it. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: That now I want you to walk me through maybe something that stood out in your mind that you can remember walking me through that. Now again, and you telling me this.
Richelle Direny: Doesn't mean that they were bad parents, it doesn't mean that you know they were just, you know, emotionally abusive. It doesn't mean any of that.
Richelle Direny: I'm just saying. For me, your perspective in your mind.
Richelle Direny: Just walk me through something that stuck out in your mind to this day that you can remember in terms of their structure that may be converted into how critical. They were and just kind of their expectation of you, and even how you speak, how you presented yourself.
Brandon Haught: Just walk me through a moment.
Richelle Direny: That example. Yeah.
Brandon Haught: Like they'd always really like me to speak up, you need to, you know, look, being so quiet. You know, people talk to you. Don't just stand there, you know, go up to guys shake their hand be presentable.
Brandon Haught: I was just really backwards. I mean, they just encouraged me but if sometimes it was a little overwhelming. Some of me was like, you know, I'll do it. However, I wanted to try in the back of my mind.
Brandon Haught: You know, as a kid like Why keep telling me how to do something I want to do it my way. I don't want to talk. Well, why do I have to talk
Brandon Haught: That's how I saw it.
Richelle Direny: So naturally, would you say would you describe yourself to be somewhat of a
Richelle Direny: shy, reserved person.
Brandon Haught: Yes, very much.
Richelle Direny: So you were naturally you were just always kind of shy, reserved person.
Richelle Direny: They kind of somewhat forced you to be opposite of that.
Brandon Haught: Yes. Well, they are successful, what they tried to
Brandon Haught: Now around good I look at it back at it was for my own good, because they knew in the future would cause me problems.
Brandon Haught: And what I mean. They weren't like terrible was a dangerous. We're a little bit overly encouraging of it. But then the right to the exam so backwards. That is looked odd.
Richelle Direny: Okay, it's one thing to be shy. It's one thing to be served. You know, everyone doesn't have the same personality. Everyone is not as outspoken arm full, they don't have a bold personality.
Richelle Direny: They don't have one talk to everyone. There's some people, that's a little bit more reserved, they're more they're more observant, um,
Brandon Haught: Yeah, my watch your I'm a people watcher more so I'll sit back and a food court and watch everybody winter going oh yes
Richelle Direny: Yes Oh everybody again everybody naturally has their own gifts and like I said, it's more outspoken more but like I'm a more bold outspoken friendly person, but that
Richelle Direny: Money, whereas your personality, more like you said you sit back, you're more observant, you know, you're not necessarily a talker, you'll probably listen to a little bit more
Richelle Direny: That's just your personality doesn't mean that it's a bad thing.
Richelle Direny: But often times just because we are the way we are. When we have children. We tried to make them.
Richelle Direny: Have the same personality as us without something to try to understand that child is uniquely them all we have to do is mold them into what who they are.
Richelle Direny: Just moment that that
Brandon Haught: Is not
Brandon Haught: Your best work. Yeah, they did their best. I guess for what
Brandon Haught: The skills they had in their skill set and
Brandon Haught: When they were never abusive or anything, you know, great.
Brandon Haught: We're not trolling though.
Richelle Direny: They were controlling
Richelle Direny: So for you, you do you think that because of your personality and who you were a more reserved quiet kind of
Brandon Haught: Off in the con
Richelle Direny: Was kind of watching listening type of individual where your parents were a little bit different because you're talking about. I'm sure back in the 50s and the 60s, just kind of their style of parenting how they dealt with people how they did things was very different.
Brandon Haught: Shows. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: To be a little bit more respectful your. Yes, ma'am. You're sorry you say
Richelle Direny: Hello. Good afternoon. Yeah, you're and so when a child is not necessarily a representation of what they know.
Richelle Direny: Without trying to
Richelle Direny: Train the child without
Richelle Direny: forcing it up one then
Richelle Direny: The child becomes more and more reserved
Richelle Direny: And become more anxious and afraid to be around people simply
Brandon Haught: Afraid to make a mistake.
Richelle Direny: You're afraid to make a mistake, you are afraid if I speak, I might say the wrong thing, simply because of your
Richelle Direny: Just, just not being comfortable, not knowing how to speak.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: So in giving that example about trying to connect it back to your youth and kind of how
Richelle Direny: Kind of had some what sounded like a lot of the anxiety started from there and how you became so afraid of being around a lot of people, because being around people came with a lot of expectations.
Brandon Haught: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: What yourself and how you presented yourself.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Do you think that it may
Richelle Direny: Did you think that it
Richelle Direny: For you more anxious
No.
Brandon Haught: That's okay.
Richelle Direny: I'm trying to put it in the right words in
Brandon Haught: Yeah, no. Would you try and do has okay
Brandon Haught: Kind of get there is the right words.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you explain to me, like, how do you piece it together kind of
Brandon Haught: A PC.
You became
Brandon Haught: Well, I was so reserve and it's never came to social I even like if I go out to parties, I drank and enjoy myself. I didn't say hardly ordered
Brandon Haught: You know, I went from that to go on to college, whether to survive more talking in the classroom and I hardly said anything. You know, as you're getting girlfriends. I hardly ever reached out so I really, I mean had girlfriends, but they weren't it have a lot just because
Brandon Haught: Also backwards.
Brandon Haught: Lot of girls that were like to say things to colleges and and have the guts to do it.
Richelle Direny: Um, when, when did you start, what was your drug of choice.
Brandon Haught: I am I right in order and when alcohol to weed to loose genetics to cocaine pills to crack to heroin no esta
Brandon Haught: Methamphetamines
Richelle Direny: What was your introduction any
Brandon Haught: Drinking his body had a sleep over and we were all going to drink, we're all excited. That would be cool thing is right at the end of my freshman year.
Brandon Haught: And I said, Okay, I'll man. And I remember I couldn't even open the bottle. They all popped him off. They're sitting there laughing at me. I'm like, you guys have a bottle opener and it goes a twist top twisted off.
Brandon Haught: So I didn't know any better. So I said there was mine on open for a minute. Then I know twist one off. But I absolutely love it. I was talking loving it.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: Oh, so the alcohol helps you to
Richelle Direny: Decrease the social anxiety and make you be
Brandon Haught: More ever the party. Yeah, I mean I didn't directly go to school or anything. I mean, no, no, guys. Did that I didn't know
Richelle Direny: You did it more. It started off as a
Brandon Haught: weekend warrior. I call it, I guess.
Brandon Haught: I went out every weekend.
Richelle Direny: Well, you did it to kind of help you out of your shell.
Brandon Haught: Yes. Yes, and I enjoyed and loved it because I could talk to girls. I could have fun. I was laughing having a blast the net to know everybody well to talk. I was outspoken my drink. Not bad. I mean, all of them noxious I just like olafur I like to laugh.
Richelle Direny: And so that one thing led to the next to the next. And next, and so
Brandon Haught: The other drugs weren't due to socialization, though.
Brandon Haught: It was the feeling they gave me mostly marijuana. I didn't like to still to this day.
Brandon Haught: It does take marijuana. I wouldn't want to take it by itself. I like to drink and then smoke because it gives you that Laughing You know, have the paranoia. You know what I mean.
Brandon Haught: Cocaine and when I first started, I was a social butterfly. At first, and then get kicked into the paranoia and the bad stuff and
Richelle Direny: Care for the cocaine by itself is
Brandon Haught: A I prefer to mix it mostly but I was instantly. I love that drug in sleep. My brain love that super high. I've always chased a super high where I took acid. It was just like I was on top of the world, like, wow, I mean,
Richelle Direny: So, you know, you just notice how you just connected all of the different drugs and what do you based on everything you just explain what is it on link back to
Brandon Haught: Back Your not wanting to be myself.
Richelle Direny: At all. In fact, two years of your anxiety.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You didn't feel anxious, then you were able to socialize, you were able to speak, you're able to laugh. You are able to come out of your shell.
Brandon Haught: That's what I mean when I didn't, I didn't, I didn't want to be myself without the drugs. I wouldn't just do that without using
Brandon Haught: When using I could talk and have fun, like you're saying, but we're now using I didn't want to be myself. I'm scared. I was scared and myself, you're scared because you didn't
Richelle Direny: Know how to say it sounds. If you never really learned how to
Richelle Direny: Be an accept yourself and love yourself from
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Sounds like you were always somewhat
Richelle Direny: Talk to live up to someone else's idea of what fun should be or what socialize. Enjoy.
Brandon Haught: Yeah. And the problem was I live with my parents, off and on, all the way up until about
Brandon Haught: Three years ago, four years ago.
Brandon Haught: So up until like 36 hours offered on their home, they always open the doors to me and me. My dad had argument that turned into could have ended up
Brandon Haught: Domestic violence because he had that you might have the cops and scare me. And he couldn't drop the charges state picked it up because of some I said he didn't like
Brandon Haught: And it became a verbal threat. I was in jail for a week on that and ended up this going down to a misdemeanor for disrupting the piece but
Brandon Haught: Then finally, it was a good to bottom thought I just wish it didn't fall the way it did.
Brandon Haught: unforced error on good terms now but
Brandon Haught: I mean, he was discussing with me for a while.
Brandon Haught: But I mean, he had to write to me. I was under his roof going whatever I wanted. When I was never totally disrespectful.
Brandon Haught: Towards the end I was because I was just like, look, I could have been a lot of people in a small town and drug addicts as well lived at home with their parents and
Brandon Haught: They were just crazy silly moms cars credit cards do all kinds of stuff disrespect to home.
Brandon Haught: Just curse curse and swear to her mom, I never did that stuff. And then at the end, I kind of did it on purpose. A little bit like, look what I could have done. And again, I should be looking at. You could have kicked me out years ago I was being selfish.
Brandon Haught: Kind of justify. Well, look, I could behave myself and do drugs, but
Brandon Haught: I still do drugs and didn't get enough for my own to live on. I always had a job and stuff, but at least I spent on drugs.
Richelle Direny: So do you. Um, did you
Richelle Direny: Like what you had become with the drugs.
Brandon Haught: No, I hated myself about late when I told you about 20 years old right for turned 21 you got to do you I was stuck in the house.
Brandon Haught: I began to hate myself for what I created I created a legend a monster, a guy you know he's depart seem to the party, he's Mr party and
Brandon Haught: I didn't really well so young, as an age where you're in college and you're supposed to pre party and
Brandon Haught: Like pretty much harder to myself out by 20 years old, I had been at the bars already and stuff I snuck into them drink and there was nothing new to me and
Brandon Haught: All my friends were party and our time and I would shy away. Let it come back for a couple parties and you're shutting me, you know. So I felt I had no friends because I wasn't around enough a consider me an outcast. I was too good for them.
Brandon Haught: Because I was actually doing the right thing.
Richelle Direny: So do you think that you were only accepted by the group of friends, you had
Richelle Direny: Only when you were
Richelle Direny: High or you were under the influence of some type of
Brandon Haught: Moshe more time, please. I said,
Richelle Direny: Where are you only accepted by your peer group at the time.
Brandon Haught: Because, oh no no it wasn't because of that they
Brandon Haught: They showed me a moment there's actually like I wasn't skits. Oh, and I was a nut know wacko anyone else to do with the actual like talk behind my back some of the better friends told me that they're all just like trash mouth and me for whatever reason they
Brandon Haught: kind of hit my peak at 20th and I went down slope fast and then they all fail fell off with all my so called friends. They weren't friends without the drugs now ball.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so it goes back to the questions they weren't really your friends without the drugs and alcohol.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: With the drugs and alcohol you guys were cool
Richelle Direny: Because you are, you're, you're, you fat you fit into the what they thought was cool. And normally
Brandon Haught: I'm saying even shun me out of their group of using drugs and alcohol. I'd go to the party. And it was treated like an all cash.
Brandon Haught: Or you get a new guy or some, but there was guys didn't party in high school that were party. And then in college or treat me like I'm a new guy like I did a separate is 13 years old. This is not new to me.
Richelle Direny: Was it no longer wanted to be a part of that lifestyle but just wanted to maintain
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I didn't, I didn't agree with their points of us. I was in a small town. There's a lot of racism. There's a lot of bad stuff in part of yours and jokes and things that I didn't agree with
Brandon Haught: And guys, is denying we didn't see it at all. And I didn't fit, but had nowhere else to go to. And I wanted to party. So I don't know what to do so.
Brandon Haught: My mind has got Bram sacked with just plus I was out of my mind a little bit from all the drugs. I did like 60 hits acid. I'm legally insane seven times over more
Brandon Haught: Back in the 60s called legally insane. He did six to 10 has acid will push me seven times over the lemon
Brandon Haught: So now you're saying
Richelle Direny: We go on Saturday. So now you so after you kind of lost that group of friends you so what retreated into kind of just being by yourself.
Brandon Haught: Well, I had girlfriends and stuff. So I just would stay with them mostly would they want to change me like you're not supposed to party at all. And I wanted to have both.
Brandon Haught: You know, I mean, I wanted to girlfriend and I want a party to so I always did.
Richelle Direny: So you became addicted to
Brandon Haught: Alter Ego. I guess I was due to the alter ego. I was addicted to the persona that I created at the party or get together.
Brandon Haught: And then I was addicted to that.
Richelle Direny: we're addicted to that and the drugs help you with that addiction to this persona this ultra
Brandon Haught: Oh, yeah.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, sure. Managers made it worse.
Richelle Direny: It made it worse.
Brandon Haught: The reggae you know cycle goes you use anything you numb yourself or your dollar pay and you remember you forget however you do it. And next thing you know you found 10 times worse when I hang on. We're comes in or the withdrawal.
Richelle Direny: So then, so then the real you have to come back at some point. So it's kind of like I pause the real me for a moment. I know the real need for a
Richelle Direny: Moment kind of Sir come to an answer to this alter ego to this other
Richelle Direny: This other person that I think I want to be that my mind has created which the reality is this other person doesn't tell me you're going to have a hard fall after this hi wears off.
And you're going, right, yeah.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, it's a depression, anxiety and does not feeling well by yourself.
Brandon Haught: But ever since 20 I haven't had a real sense of person. I'm starting to get a better sense of person, the last few years. They had no sense of being a person. I mean,
Richelle Direny: So in
Brandon Haught: My personal
Brandon Haught: My personal you know that my synchronization of myself. So I took psychology is a minor and I psychoanalyze myself to death.
Brandon Haught: So I did. I sit around I psychoanalyze myself.
Brandon Haught: Would you destroy myself.
Richelle Direny: No, not a good thing you
Brandon Haught: Know,
Richelle Direny: They always tell you not to do that, we often do that once you start learning. Yeah.
Brandon Haught: I'm gonna I'm my own worst enemy. I realized that a long time ago now starting to try to be my own best friend. Again, try and do that.
Richelle Direny: And how do you try to do that.
Brandon Haught: Just focus and try to find a positive and each day is I'm good, rather than something negative.
Richelle Direny: You love yourself.
Brandon Haught: Not as much as I should.
Brandon Haught: So you know I people and girlfriends and friends and families here. GOOD guy You're a nice looking guy, what's wrong. Well, like myself, I don't know why. To me, I'm a monster. What else I'm a nice guy.
Richelle Direny: Did you love yourself well for the drugs.
Brandon Haught: Now as always second guess myself and I'm not good enough. I'm not, I'll do some wrong perfectionist. Do it one things out of place the whole things out of place.
Oh, your
Personality
Brandon Haught: No, I wouldn't say that it's just perfectionist. I'm not the type to open a door shut the door 10 times or do something 20 times you think
Richelle Direny: There's a personality piece to the OCD.
Brandon Haught: Okay, and the
Richelle Direny: Personality piece, the P is for the perfection.
Richelle Direny: It's a personality trait.
Brandon Haught: Okay, well, yeah, that way I could agree with that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a personality trait not
Brandon Haught: Not SAS was perfection. I guess I would say
Richelle Direny: Everything has to be a certain way and you kind of
Richelle Direny: Crazy. If it's not like it has to be perfect. And if it's in the end, no matter what anybody else tell you know it's not perfect and I gotta do it this way. And so you start obsessing
Richelle Direny: Over whatever it is that you're doing. So you need it to be.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, and oftentimes I can't figure out what it is, is if someone goes past me and I'm like, what did it, what went wrong why this, why don't I feel right. Why is this this way.
Brandon Haught: Why can I get it right and I'm lazy to I'm a sleeper. So my excuses. Oh, lay in bed all day and expect to wake up to be happy. It's not going to happen.
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: He likes to have a sense of control at all times.
Brandon Haught: To some degree, I've learned a lot, just let things go and not worry so much as to worry about every little thing. And then I got as I got older and kind of just let a lot of things like this is the way it goes, I don't know what else to do.
Richelle Direny: But have you know your thing. Have you allowed yourself to let things go and understand that there's some things you have no control over.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I've learned the jet better to let things. There's like the Serenity Prayer have learned a lot. It was driven in my head. A and I really appreciate that prayer.
Richelle Direny: So for you, what do you identify that is something that can help you with. So I think one of the things that
Richelle Direny: We can work on in terms of identifying and we can share your
Richelle Direny: Depression and anxiety because, you know, same kind of
Richelle Direny: Well, I think we can work on learning how to accept who you are right now.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I got to
Richelle Direny: But what are some things that you can do to learn how to what is one thing that we can that you can work on
Richelle Direny: To make it a daily habit. What is one thing that you can
Brandon Haught: Just wake up and try and go search a day off and try to find one positive thing after another, at least one positive thing and come up with at the moment, any more time and you know it in time.
Richelle Direny: That's it. That's it. That's all you need to work on right now.
Richelle Direny: And then, and then you see just how successful or unsuccessful, you are
Brandon Haught: Yeah, for any of those moments. Yeah, you're finding those things or whatever you want to call it.
Richelle Direny: Because basically why I kind of asked you a lot of those those series of questions, leading from childhood to now, a lot of that stems. It sounds like a lot of that stems from trauma, because oftentimes
Richelle Direny: Yeah, like you said,
Richelle Direny: Oftentimes we parent or we do things based on how our parents do
Richelle Direny: And it's not to say that they had, they just, they kind of learn as they went
Brandon Haught: Well, see, I tried to stray away from their way of doing things, they're more republican patriotic and different style, you know, and I'm more democratic, more educated style and
Richelle Direny: What do it, but then you know what that's that's what we
Brandon Haught: And I was in their home does I'm trying to tell you I was in their home so I couldn't
Brandon Haught: This is how I'm going to do it and their home so many times I went back there to that and I couldn't never break free to just do it how I wanted to
Richelle Direny: But they see this is the NC. That's where kind of a lot of us we run into issues. And that's not being were dissatisfied with our own self. And then we get into this super and then we're Frozen stuff, to some degree, and we become depressed because we're trying so hard to do it the opposite.
Of yeah
Richelle Direny: But this is the reality of it and tell me if I'm wrong. Um, but
Richelle Direny: As you you said every time you talks about them. You always
Brandon Haught: In this
Brandon Haught: But they were good parents
Brandon Haught: And
Richelle Direny: You know they did it the best
Brandon Haught: Way they knew how to
Richelle Direny: So there's a part of you.
Richelle Direny: That have come to accept and appreciate a lot of their parenting style. There are things along the way that you can tweak or you would say, you know what I would do this a little bit different.
Brandon Haught: Because I
Richelle Direny: Was forced to do something that I was uncomfortable with based on my personality.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So identifying that those things. It's not to completely do the complete opposite of them but identify those individual character traits.
Brandon Haught: That that's pretty much what I'm trying to do.
Brandon Haught: Because they give me a lot of good morals and values being Christian people and my dad was a recovering alcoholic since I was three. He stopped drinking. I was three years old. My brother was born.
Brandon Haught: So he set a good example. With that, especially for me trying to get into sobriety. He's set a great example with that.
Brandon Haught: And what did he do things, but
Brandon Haught: Huh.
Richelle Direny: What did he
Brandon Haught: He went from the bottle to Christ.
Richelle Direny: And how did he do that.
Brandon Haught: He got into Christianity. You didn't go the wrong he got a guy worked at witness to him an older guy kind of mentored him and short time about Christianity and he fell into that route never went back
Richelle Direny: And how did he lived his life daily
Brandon Haught: Well, he's a hard worker. He worked and worked and worked, he go to work, work, come home and do work.
Brandon Haught: They work. They work himself.
Brandon Haught: To death, one day.
Richelle Direny: Praying and reading his Bible part of
Brandon Haught: He does that in the morning and at night. Yeah, he does. He does journal or not devotions journals and stuff.
Brandon Haught: And did he study different interpretations of the Bible and things
Richelle Direny: And did he kind of incorporated that into the family into that. Like it was an expectation of everyone in the home.
Brandon Haught: Yes, I wasn't forced to be a Christian. I chose it when I was about 10 or 11 I was conscious of what I was doing. I look at it as
Brandon Haught: And then I was going to school. I was so happy I felt a feeling of accepting Christ I was young, I was a little young to be doing it, but
Brandon Haught: I knew what I was doing and I was happy about it. Once the school was telling people that they all made fun of me. So, next thing you know, I go the opposite route from the teenage years.
Brandon Haught: And I'm rebelling against all things Christianity and that's what I'm drinking and using rebellion was a lot of my problem.
So,
Richelle Direny: That's that's natural and the reason why I'm asking that Brandon, because when it's all said and done,
Richelle Direny: When you look at
You look at your father's life and
Richelle Direny: My father went from the bottle on one minister to him. Someone disciple to
Richelle Direny: Someone I mean granted the, the core of a it's Christianity. If you really read it and if you follow it and what the path that is taking that's the core of it, it's biblical.
Brandon Haught: Hmm.
Richelle Direny: I mean, over the years, and people have tweaked it and they kind of put their own spin and twist to it, but that's the core of
Richelle Direny: Yeah, but
Richelle Direny: But you're saying that your father went from
Richelle Direny: being addicted to alcohol.
Richelle Direny: Because of his own life experiences and crisis.
Brandon Haught: Here went through.
Richelle Direny: At some point in time.
Richelle Direny: Someone disciple team each homes.
Richelle Direny: Will Savior and he kind of follow that rep throughout his life he brought that home to his family without forcing you guys to be a part of that. But he kind of set the path of a where, that's where your morals and values came from.
Richelle Direny: Huge live this life based on what was being modeled in your home based on what they were your parents were learning throughout life.
Richelle Direny: You tried to model that but without necessarily one what I'm hearing you say without necessarily getting the true foundation on your own and having the boldness of spirit to go out there and stand on your end, having a fun foundation for yourself.
Richelle Direny: Yes minutes
Brandon Haught: In here. Yeah, I didn't hit rock bottom and do it. I just found it as a kid I wanted, I felt the feelings went back to the back of the church it Vacation Bible School and adult except Christ.
Richelle Direny: So then what you needed is after accepting Christ was just like your dad someone to disciple useful out
Brandon Haught: Oftentimes we tried. He tried to disciple me very much. So it was not without over pushing it, you know, but it was church was mandatory whether I said no, or not, but
Brandon Haught: He the disciple leads by example was and he tried to teach me anything could about Christ anytime I would listen but I chose to reject it, doesn't my teenagers. What I'm saying I just rejected it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: You get rejected as a teenager when you now go out there and you try to share your faith with other people.
Brandon Haught: But remember why I totally denied it almost by teenage years.
Richelle Direny: After you were made fun of is what you said. After you
Richelle Direny: What, then, we had before.
Brandon Haught: Going, I was like a Peter during the Peter and the buy in the New Testament, they denied Christ three times. Right.
Richelle Direny: But remember, you're not remember Peter had a years of being disciples
Richelle Direny: Yes, started Peter only denied Christ when he felt his life was going to be
Brandon Haught: Here for his wife. Yeah. Yes.
Richelle Direny: That was
Brandon Haught: That was scared of my popularity being taken out.
Richelle Direny: We're afraid of your popularity
Brandon Haught: So then
Richelle Direny: For you it's
Richelle Direny: Now you're recognizing, listen, everything is all about being aware
Richelle Direny: Everything is all about me.
Richelle Direny: So with the able to identify that
Brandon Haught: Sure it's talking my kid.
Richelle Direny: But I'm being able to identify all of that. Where do you stand now you
Richelle Direny: Are
Brandon Haught: A lot more spiritual, especially in the last probably three or four years.
Brandon Haught: And I just got to where I actually created Christ this year, not long ago for Old Testament star, I believe there was a creator wasn't sure if Christ is the high priest or not.
Brandon Haught: Read Hebrews and looked at him as the High Priest version and it made sense to me. He's the judge. He's the jury and executioner.
Brandon Haught: Whether he people say it's the Trinity. He's the same as God. Well, I don't know what he thought of and his life already predicted it exactly how it happened when God created the world.
Brandon Haught: They try to say he was just a I think he was a piece of God's DNA. We know inject injected into Mary. However, they did it with
Richelle Direny: When you get caught up into those fine. I think when you get caught up, then you get
Brandon Haught: Your big thinker on it. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But you get lots of there. Sometimes we get so distracted and you get lost.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because you're trying to find out the little girls.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, well, then if I was created, how was he able to create me like this and then if he did create me like this, then what did he do, and then if he did that. Okay, well, you're missing the whole
Brandon Haught: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now you're trying to go. Our minds are not capable of understanding the vast
Brandon Haught: Yes, no, no.
Richelle Direny: You're not and we get so caught up in trying to understand
Brandon Haught: Yes, yeah.
Brandon Haught: Is this a try to win it. That's right. I don't, I don't believe in religion. I believe in spirituality. I don't like going to church and say this is how it is because so and so, interpreted this way.
Brandon Haught: That doesn't mean that I can turn it in a totally different way and still believe the same thing that Christ is going to be one day, God would create deserve and Holy Spirit protect me. I can believe that without having to do anything.
Richelle Direny: But, but for you. It's
Richelle Direny: Already starting with, I think, you know,
Richelle Direny: Again, when you look at what
Richelle Direny: What what became the catalyst of change for your dad and kind of following that path.
Brandon Haught: It's just identifying those
Richelle Direny: Little things that you would say, you know what, well, maybe the way my parents did this, maybe I would tweak just that, that instead of trying to tweak the whole thing.
Richelle Direny: It's just a one thing
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's all we don't need to go reinventing the wheel. We just need to just one little, that's all. It's just one little
Brandon Haught: I know I have a problem. Sometimes it is day of trying to get a free again just to reinvent the whole wheel and I shouldn't like you're saying, I'm really shouldn't take it too far.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, don't, don't reinvent the wheel, because when it's all said and done, you still have a whole lot of positive things to say about your parents.
Richelle Direny: You said that your use it. They were loving, they did the things the best you
Brandon Haught: Name it
Out.
Richelle Direny: And you said, you know, dope. It was an optional for me not to go to church. It was a half to what I also wasn't forced into believing God in this higher power. I came to that on my own. Because of that, saying, hey, listen, you'll have to accept God but you gotta go church.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, and
Richelle Direny: You continuously attending you started saying, Oh, okay. Well, it's kind of like, listen.
Richelle Direny: You gotta go to school.
Richelle Direny: Because guess what can we being there eventually you're gonna learn something eventually
Brandon Haught: You learn something.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, eventually you're going to buy into something
And that's kind of what yeah
Richelle Direny: Instead of reinventing the wheel. It's identifying
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: Little things that you would change.
Richelle Direny: And and really, really.
Richelle Direny: Being said I'm going to change shouldn't really be changed, am I
Brandon Haught: Overlooking it
Richelle Direny: Looking at it way too deep, that I really need to be looking at
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I do that I am a deep thinker very philosophical very spiritual
Brandon Haught: I think overthink things I think into deep like you're saying I going too deep.
Brandon Haught: Into this
Richelle Direny: But I think starting off with, like you said, like we talked about in the group every day. Start off with what do you appreciate and what are you thankful about you.
Richelle Direny: What do you like about
Brandon Haught: I appreciate it. I'm on my own, or not a burden to my parents anymore.
Richelle Direny: Are they still alive.
Brandon Haught: Yes. Yeah, brother, his mood member I was trying to, they, they just moved from the house had been at 37 years ago to my uncle's for the moment.
Brandon Haught: They're looking into a new house. They sold it very high nice price may sold close parents house dollars so they're going to have another nice home in a big account.
Brandon Haught: They did well for retirement and he invested in a lot of things in a retirement accounts and so security plus stuff yet at the river plus stuff is high. Oh, state.
Brandon Haught: Tax stuff. I mean, he's they're going to be very well have a nice retirement.
Brandon Haught: But they're so I understand. Try to be on my own and not bother them too much of them enjoying life. Don't be a burden.
Richelle Direny: So then, so today you're grateful for living on your own.
Brandon Haught: For being able to me. Listen.
Brandon Haught: I'm grateful to my spirituality I denied Christ and God for a long time, and it wasn't a Satanist or anti christ fan, but I was
Brandon Haught: I don't know, I just
Richelle Direny: Figure it out.
Brandon Haught: We existed in the back of my mind I knew he was still there, but at the same time.
Brandon Haught: I live as if he didn't exist.
Richelle Direny: And then you got to the point where you're like, Oh, well, you guys.
Brandon Haught: Yes. I mean, unfortunately methamphetamines brought me to that point when I was using those
Brandon Haught: They
Brandon Haught: It's just my mind was asleep for like 10 years
Brandon Haught: And then I woke up one day for 15 years or whatever about 40 Africa amount of years because I was addicted to ecstasy and many things that veteran and back then, which is what they make shake and bake with today with the user Sudafed for a veteran.
Brandon Haught: evergreen. I think they call it. So I was addicted. I went office that my brain went to sleep for like 14 years and I one day I woke up and I was like, wow, but so lean towards the devil, a shot and pursued so many years. I went towards the Christ said I left behind.
Brandon Haught: And I'm not giving credit to drugs to find God again. But I just, I'm so happy I found them again and I just need to start being more praying and I start praying and praying so Lord I pray now and
Brandon Haught: It's just amazing.
Richelle Direny: Well, so let's just on, you know, like you said, just on I'm
Richelle Direny: Just being able to identify
Brandon Haught: Yeah, you
Richelle Direny: Appreciate about yourself, loving yourself.
Brandon Haught: That's what's
Important
Richelle Direny: Just start there. And then, you know,
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Like you said, You are not necessarily you're not religious but you're more spiritual where it's more about learning
Richelle Direny: Well, God is for yourself. Right.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, that's exactly, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So continue on that path and but I think through
Richelle Direny: First loving yourself.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Brandon Haught: I got to
Richelle Direny: Identifying the things that you each day. One thing at least one thing
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
Crime
Richelle Direny: That you like about yourself and then we can talk about it during our next session.
Brandon Haught: Okay, let me write that down. Like every day, write something down
Yeah.
Brandon Haught: We got a little journal. I keep you guys and stuff in this little thing.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: There's, there's that scripture that says that we must love others as we love ourselves.
Brandon Haught: Yeah.
But then
Richelle Direny: The question that, how can you love someone else if you don't really, how can I love someone that's how I love myself when I really don't like myself. I love myself.
Brandon Haught: As a writer. You can can have any good relationships either racing goes right window every so often line.
Richelle Direny: If you have like if you have your girlfriend, your parents who brought up. Okay. Um, I love you as I love myself but then I really don't love myself. So how am I really gonna love you.
Brandon Haught: Right, you're exactly right. I suffer with that I've thought about it that way before to a lot
Richelle Direny: So maybe that's another thing. So two things, identify each something that you're
Brandon Haught: You're you
Richelle Direny: Like about yourself, where you appreciate for the day.
Richelle Direny: And between now and once again it's understanding that love others as you love yourself.
Brandon Haught: What does that mean,
Richelle Direny: What does that look like for you because then I think the depth of that will come from you doing now self, you're going to do.
Richelle Direny: Go internally and search yourself and ask your question why I love myself and why don't I love myself and kind of all those things now. And when we meet again, we'll talk about
Brandon Haught: Funny thing is a habit I might my restroom that other verses says love us. Love one another as I have loved you. The other one, the opposite. I had a Bible verse same similar but
Richelle Direny: You what then you understand how much God loves
Brandon Haught: I understand here. Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Then I understand that he's he's gonna forgive me if I ask for forgiveness of our sins have ever done.
Brandon Haught: What you want to love.
Richelle Direny: What
Richelle Direny: Is the statement you made love yourself as I have loved you love others as I have loved you.
Brandon Haught: You under
Richelle Direny: How much He loves you.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, I understand. His where I need to find that love and endorsed anyway so
Richelle Direny: So the both of them are gonna work hand in hand.
Brandon Haught: If you understand how much
Richelle Direny: You how much
Brandon Haught: About diverse. You just told me that's what really but they were similar versa. I thought I'd bring that up.
Brandon Haught: And I hadn't thought of it the way you presented it love myself love others about myself.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: There were three things love others as you love yourself believe in God.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Believe in God, as I can't think of it, all right now. But you know when you start to think
Richelle Direny: But then, but that one about love others as you love yourself, but do you love yourself. And if you don't love yourself, it's going to be hard for you to love someone
Brandon Haught: Else. Right.
Richelle Direny: But if you understand how much he loves you.
Richelle Direny: You now say if you love me this much. Why can't I love myself so that I can turn around and love others.
The same way, man.
Brandon Haught: You're right. That makes sense, where you're putting in for presenting it are you presenting it
Richelle Direny: That's definitely something to think about into process.
Richelle Direny: And as you say your analytical thinker. I want you to think about and process all of that until we meet again what's
Brandon Haught: OK, next one.
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let's do the 16th at six o'clock.
Richelle Direny: Giving you
Brandon Haught: That another Monday.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I like to start out to leave with something to do, especially because I'm a one day zero days off. So I like to have something to do on Mondays. I'm very lazy on Mondays.
Brandon Haught: I lay in bed. Lot of my day in bed all day to day till three o'clock.
Richelle Direny: I think because my schedule is getting filled up really quickly. I'm starting, I noticed that I'm making all my point. And so far out and I would like to really follow up.
Richelle Direny: A little quicker than that, but I'm going to learn how to work this calendar so I can automatically plug everybody in every other week, or for what how I want them to login
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let's not push that so far. Well, we'll see each other on Thursday. Okay.
Brandon Haught: Okay, yeah. And the thing I was late today because I didn't know you had to sign into the virtual room.
Brandon Haught: I was actually on here at five to six, and I thought you got to be about seven hours. I wonder where she's at and they told me I had to sign in there for it. Go see you, even though we had to room number
Richelle Direny: Oh you like
Brandon Haught: I was late today.
Richelle Direny: In here first.
Brandon Haught: Yeah, that was here about five to I don't want you think I was running. I was running late or anything. I just
Richelle Direny: Oh, yeah.
Brandon Haught: I had to do. It's a row
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you have to do.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's fine. If you ever do it again. Just let them know that you're here, but they like to have you check in. Because if there's anything
Brandon Haught: That needs.
Richelle Direny: Taken care of you have to do it through them first.
Brandon Haught: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So I'll see you on Thursday at one o'clock. Okay.
Brandon Haught: Okay. Great, see you later.
Brandon Haught: Bye bye.
Abdikes: Hello.
Abdikes: Hello Michelle.
Abdikes: How you doing,
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good. I'll try to just go ahead and meet with you.
Abdikes: Okay, that's fine. I apologize. I must have forgot about the date, but they reminded me around, like, seven, eight. I got a text message. And I got
Richelle Direny: I got you. So I sent you the message because I'm like
Richelle Direny: I'll just go ahead and we'll just start your on your in your bio until the next person shows up as I don't know the next person in the show. So, um, but yes. My name is Russia, how do you pronounce your first thing
Abdikes: It's all the add ons.
Richelle Direny: You said Abdi
Abdikes: Oh, my last name.
Richelle Direny: I became
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Baby
Abdikes: Baby di kitty. Yes. So it's a case of the
Richelle Direny: Okay, I became the. Okay, I just need to
Richelle Direny: Share it
Richelle Direny: On the screen. So when they're transcribing it they know what is that I was speaking
Richelle Direny: So yeah, OK. So yes, my name is Rochelle I'm your therapist. Typically, I have to say that I would send out. I try to send out as much reminders as possible.
Richelle Direny: I think yesterday was just a hectic day that I didn't get to go on to send out the reminder. Um, but, you know, of course you know we do encourage
Richelle Direny: You know, like if you have the little calendar and the reminders on your phone, just to put it down so you remember the reminders.
Richelle Direny: But this session today, it's just going to be a lot of me asking you questions about your history, um,
Richelle Direny: This is not an official therapy session today. It's just kind of your bio just gathering information. And then at the end of the session we'll kind of discuss
Richelle Direny: What it looks like in terms of any follow up session. How often, who will, it will meet once a week, once every other week, once a month, but we will just kind of the goal will determine that at the very end. Okay. Oh.
Richelle Direny: I see that you're walking so I don't know typically I'm especially when we're in a group.
Richelle Direny: We often like that you're in a place where it's, you know, somewhat
Richelle Direny: Somewhat I should say just private because during the time that we meet for groups with your groups are going to be on Thursdays at one and i think i don't know if you forgot the group on Thursday. But if you were scheduled to meet on Thursday at one
Abdikes: Oh, and I thought it was the other week. So it's every week.
Richelle Direny: For your for your, for your groups.
Abdikes: Yeah, I thought is every other week. So it's every week.
Richelle Direny: Who told you it was every other week, Natalie.
Abdikes: That's no I just assume that, and I know every week.
Richelle Direny: Every group.
Richelle Direny: Every
Abdikes: The one before that I attended it so. Okay, no.
Abdikes: Okay, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So I think you may have attended the one on the 30
Abdikes: Yeah, I did.
Richelle Direny: Yes, because it was only Natalie that was there, right.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay. So yes, it is the groups are every week.
Richelle Direny: 35 how you
Richelle Direny: Are and, you know,
Richelle Direny: St.
Richelle Direny: Louis sharing something personal and only
Intended for the
Abdikes: Focus.
Richelle Direny: Especially when you're an
Richelle Direny: earpiece in your ear.
Abdikes: If your
Richelle Direny: Area where you're
Richelle Direny: You know you're not able to mean privacy's
Richelle Direny: Headphone and also to have
Richelle Direny: To be a place where you always have one
Richelle Direny: No, I do understand that there are times that you know we're dealing with while
Richelle Direny: We're dealing with the worldwide. Sometimes the calls will drop. But then, you know, not to be in an area where it's just completely unstable.
Abdikes: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so let's just get started. Since we're kind of running behind. Let's get started on your for your body. So if you could just type. I'm also very important. Very, very important at any time, whether it's through the individual or are through this studying anytime that we have
Richelle Direny: Any kind of interaction in you ever suggest or make a statement of statements that you want to hurt yourself or anyone else that point confidentially confidentiality no longer maintain because it has to be recorded. Okay.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: How did you hear about right heart.
Abdikes: All like
Richelle Direny: You were just googling it online.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. Um, is it that like what was surrounding that that made you decide, Okay, you know what, let me go online, did someone tell you about it or you were just googling programs.
Abdikes: I was Googling it end up finding it. Hello.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, so if you could just give me a little bit of history in terms of your history, your background into your addiction. Like, how long have you been
Abdikes: Okay. And so, so, so on and off and around about and I would say around 1010 years
Abdikes: So, oh, and like the first time was like around like when I was like early teens. I MEAN, LIKE LATE TEENS, stuff like that. And I used to drink like party and stuff like that.
Abdikes: And then. And at first it was just like, and it was for fun, and then it just became like addictive is became like something where it was like every day.
Richelle Direny: Please say your was your first introduction was to alcohol is it
Abdikes: When it was it was weak person with a lot of we then it was alcohol, then it was opioids and then every like basically and after that and likes and opioids and stuff like that like Percocet and almost all the type pills.
Abdikes: And
Abdikes: What
Abdikes: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: How old, you said you were
Abdikes: And I'll say around like
Abdikes: 1920
Abdikes: And so
Abdikes: What we do is
Abdikes: I'm sorry. Go ahead, I'm sorry. Go ahead. Well, we
Richelle Direny: The marijuana was around what age.
Abdikes: Like 1516
Richelle Direny: And what brought you to this point where you said you wanted to
Richelle Direny: You just want to get sober and kind of start your journey.
Abdikes: And like, probably, like, a year ago, it was just like, it was just and someone, someone else that I knew was also boxes told me about it.
Abdikes: And then and I and I went somewhere else and they will the prescription, but it was hard like maintaining the job and then go to the groups and face. Thank you. And that my license suspended, so it's hard to get the places. And so I just thought this would be the best route for me.
Richelle Direny: So am I understanding what you're saying is that you've been sober for the last year.
Abdikes: And no, like, No, I haven't been sober for there is. Yeah. I lost you there. But then, and what's actually got introduced to the selves.
Abdikes: And like, it was like, like, at first I will get it from a doctor and then I will like literally like our find like people who want to sell it and stuff like that. I buy from them. I the best collect self medicating myself like the past year.
Abdikes: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and
Richelle Direny: When you were when you were drinking. How often would you
Abdikes: And I would drink like and
Abdikes: At first it was like once in a while and then it turned into like almost every day.
Richelle Direny: What about
Abdikes: The opioids. Yeah. Did you do
Abdikes: And and I've never like I've never actually done heroin but and and I've tried fitting all before
Abdikes: And and like
Abdikes: First, it was like Percocet and stuff like that. And then I'll stick my press release and those were the ones that was taken a lot because to me, like, like
Abdikes: 30 words wasn't like a dirty joke to me. So I was just taking it and I think nothing of it. It was very expensive.
Abdikes: And it was the part of the lifestyle. I was just, it was my autistic and a lot of it and then and I finally got help to a doctor and then like, first, I was thinking like
Abdikes: Like one or one a day, once a box in a day. And then he didn't then they then it wasn't enough wasn't helping that it was like two a day.
Abdikes: And and then and then whenever I couldn't get it on my show. I don't have a short enough to like that I fell off and I will relapse and then I would
Abdikes: I would just like it got so bad. It was like, if, if, at that time. Luckily I never got my hands on heroin, probably, if it was around. I probably would have tried it.
Richelle Direny: Was kind of just the main thing you were doing anything, just the main thing.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And have you ever been in any have you ever gone to rehab before
Abdikes: Yes, yes I have. And like I did some court order stuff.
Abdikes: Where and something called Alice house at the to the average house before for like 60 days at one time it was like 30 days and an outpatient stuff and like three months and
Abdikes: And yeah, the longest the longest and residential 60 days.
Richelle Direny: And those were just
Richelle Direny: 30 days.
Richelle Direny: Or 60 days never done any detox. Right. It was kind of like the same
Richelle Direny: In the same primary
Richelle Direny: Rehab
Abdikes: Yeah, like it was like residential you lived there for like 60 days cash.
Richelle Direny: And when was the last time you've been in the program.
Abdikes: And it was was probably it was back in October 16 until November 21 know yet November 21 30 days. Yeah, that was started, is that time.
Okay.
Abdikes: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. It was 60 days it was October until the end of December, it was 60 days.
Richelle Direny: Of December of last year.
Abdikes: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: And since then you um
You have
Abdikes: And I've relapse relapse here and there.
Abdikes: But, and then like maybe like a week before. Before I before I spoke to the doctor and and i was basically like buying some boxes from people and and that's how I was able to maintain. That's how I was, I was able to not to go back to it.
You
Richelle Direny: Now, do you have any history of any medical complications that kind of spun out of
Richelle Direny: Your drug use.
Abdikes: And like I got hurt at work before like a long time to like 2011 and then they gave me
Abdikes: Some practices. That's how I got to describe sets.
Richelle Direny: That's how you started, you started getting into
Abdikes: Opioids and stuff like that. Yes. Who doesn't love
Richelle Direny: Now let's go to family. Is there anything else you want to share as far as your history.
Abdikes: Of the
Oldest
Richelle Direny: Um, let's talk about the family.
Richelle Direny: Hold on.
Richelle Direny: You have any
Richelle Direny: Were you ever diagnosed with any mental illness.
Abdikes: No.
Richelle Direny: No.
Richelle Direny: He never in your life. Have you ever been diagnosed with any kind of mental illness.
Richelle Direny: No, any, any family history of mental illness.
No.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever had any kind of overdose.
Richelle Direny: Any attempted suicide.
No.
Abdikes: No, no.
Richelle Direny: Any incarcerations
Yes.
Abdikes: A couple of times for some DUIs and one time for Robert
Richelle Direny: Now, have you ever. Now I know you said that you know any history of mental illness. Have you been ever been evaluated by our psychiatrists or psychologists
Abdikes: Yeah, for like the last one was like
Abdikes: 60 days they had a psychologist.
Abdikes: And like make sense of assessing your dog one some types. I talked to RCMP and then she do recommend that I had any psychological problems like that.
Richelle Direny: But where are you now where are you seeing a therapist while you were in the program weekly
Abdikes: And yes, it was a weekly. It was like whenever they got to you.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it's whenever you they got to you.
Abdikes: Yeah, it was.
Richelle Direny: Routine thing where you meet with them.
Abdikes: Continuously
Abdikes: Know,
Richelle Direny: Daily
Abdikes: I guess like I got the assessment. Once I got the assessment, they seem that I had no need no need for and like I didn't, I didn't have any needs. So, but when it came to like going to meet and stuff like that. I had a need for for the psychological part and handling.
Abdikes A: I don't know what happened.
Richelle Direny: I know I was just about to send you a message to tell you, you got kicked out to try to log back in. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think you're
Richelle Direny: Okay, I just sent you a requested to turn back on your video.
Abdikes A: Okay and hold up, see, okay, yo.
Abdikes A: I think somebody was calling me that's what happened. I hung up on them, but it's okay. Yeah.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Um, so you said that they didn't recommend they didn't think you had any. It was just a matter of just attending the group.
Yes.
Abdikes A: Yes. And then I hadn't known me from from their perspective normally get from there.
From their perspective.
Richelle Direny: A little bit. Um,
Richelle Direny: So, and you said no family history of mental I'm just that you just said you only have an incarceration.
Abdikes A: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: His mom and dad still alive.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: They have
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Abdikes A: Yes, adult helpful 44 sisters and two brothers.
Richelle Direny: Come from a big family.
Richelle Direny: And they're all still alive.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of family history of substance abuse your nobody in your in your immediate family mom and dad brothers or sisters have any history of truck you
Abdikes A: Know, but like there's some of them to drink, but they never really had any problems there.
Abdikes A: Yeah, like that never really had any problems until
Abdikes A: Either i've been i've been in jail or nothing like that or
Abdikes A: Yeah, no problem. Something like that. Like going to college and stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: From on each side.
Richelle Direny: With terminal to terminal. There is no history on your mother's side or father side of mental illness.
Abdikes A: Know,
Richelle Direny: What about substance abuse.
Abdikes A: No, not that I know.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm are both your grandparents on both sides of it.
Abdikes A: My grandparents and my grandfather my mother's side is alive and neither one is on my mom's side.
Richelle Direny: Oh, you said on your dad side both his parents are you see
Richelle Direny: Yes, and your mom side both parents are
Abdikes A: Just the fathers
Richelle Direny: And on either side. There's no history that you are with some of
Richelle Direny: Suicide.
No.
Richelle Direny: Do you have any show
Abdikes A: No.
Richelle Direny: Employee
Abdikes A: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Did you go to any outside groups.
Yeah.
Abdikes A: I go to na na meetings know my house. The church my house.
Richelle Direny: You're part of a Celebrate Recovery group at your church.
Abdikes A: Ya know my house. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now, are you on any kind of probation currently
Abdikes A: No.
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Abdikes A: Are you any
Organization.
Abdikes A: Know,
Richelle Direny: Now when you say you go to it. Now, is it a church that you and your family attend and you are part of the Celebrate Recovery.
Richelle Direny: Over
Abdikes A: Just for the meetings.
Richelle Direny: Were you born and raised.
Abdikes A: I was born in Somalia and I was raised in Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what age did you mobile
Abdikes A: When I was seven.
Richelle Direny: Okay, all your siblings were born in Somalia.
Abdikes A: And all of them except one.
Richelle Direny: But both your parents are from Somalia.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: What is the relationship like with your parents.
Abdikes A: It's good. No, it's, it's always been good. And I've managed to try to hide it from them as much as I could, except when I went to jail and stuff like that. And I try to be a and I try to hide it from them as much as I can.
Abdikes A: And and like they're they're wearing my I call us, but they're not really aware of, like, drugs and stuff like that.
Abdikes A: And and I try to, like, I try to do good by them. But, and like
Abdikes A: We I talked to both of them every day, have a good relationship, I believe that the relationship with them.
Richelle Direny: You say you talk to them every day. So you live on your own.
Yes.
Richelle Direny: Now for you. What was that when you start when you looked up this program.
Richelle Direny: What was it that you want when you thought, okay, I got to look for this program and I know you said that it was something you wanted something that will be convenient for you that will work because you're not currently. You said your license suspended.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. Um, what is it that you would like to get out of this program when you started
Richelle Direny: To research to find a program like this. What was your hope.
Abdikes A: My goal is to eventually like that have any need and and and be likes and sober without anything
Richelle Direny: Get stable into
Abdikes A: Yes. That's my goal. Eventually, yes.
Richelle Direny: And what else would you like to work on during our time together.
Abdikes A: To be honest, that's, that's the only goal I have
Abdikes A: That's the only goal that you have so far. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Um, now you say you have a girlfriend, she doesn't have any history right where she's not in
Abdikes A: covering her ears. Nope. Yeah, she doesn't have any history. No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: You said when when you started using when you just got introduced kind of to the world of them.
Richelle Direny: Drinking
Abdikes A: All different
Richelle Direny: You ever get into any kind of
Accident
Abdikes A: And like a car accident. No, like I've never been heard nothing like that. I never really been an accident or nothing like that. No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it was kind of like a social thing you
Richelle Direny: Go out with friends and wanted to kind of be a part of the time.
Abdikes A: Yeah, basically.
Richelle Direny: In car got you here.
Abdikes A: Yeah, got me here. Yeah, me too bad.
Richelle Direny: Okay, do you think that you have any kind of social anxiety or anything like that.
Abdikes A: No, and
Abdikes A: I believe a social person and maybe that was the problem I was to social
Abdikes A: That you were to social yeah
Richelle Direny: There was a diagnosis being to social
Richelle Direny: Advocate, if you can just do the spinning off of camera because all in
Abdikes A: All I apologize. I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you, you saw what. Today is Monday.
Richelle Direny: You're
Richelle Direny: When did you last see I'm Natalie.
Abdikes A: And last Thursday. Thursday. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So you're all up to everything with your medication.
Abdikes A: Know and and also wants to see her, and basically supposed to get a refill today. But today, and I was at work and I don't even. I don't even know. But this like at
Abdikes A: Least if I have, I have not only for today she thinks you're supposed to do a refill today. The last time I got some was on the 11th.
Abdikes A: So for today.
Richelle Direny: I sent her a message.
Abdikes A: Okay.
Abdikes A: And and and and and if she doesn't like should I call tomorrow because I was, I was hoping to go to the pharmacy. It's more possible
Richelle Direny: What you can do is send a message. But if she doesn't. If you don't hear back
Abdikes A: Or anything like that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, that's called
Richelle Direny: Called the same way that you
Richelle Direny: Love virtual clinic first
Richelle Direny: Yeah. When you before you met when you were meeting with me you logged into virtual clinic.
Richelle Direny: You can do the log into virtual clinic and let them know that, um, you need to you need to get a refill. You need to get in contact with 94 refill.
Abdikes A: Yeah, and they told me to tell you. And maybe, maybe you pass the message along
Richelle Direny: I will send a message.
Abdikes A: Okay, Officer already
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Abdikes A: She had the office.
Richelle Direny: No, no.
Richelle Direny: Everything is done virtually so I will send her a message.
Abdikes A: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let me schedule.
Richelle Direny: Our next
Richelle Direny: And I'll send a message you you will not
Abdikes A: Stop.
Abdikes A: Child do it off, but I still kind of caught
Richelle Direny: A cold. It's cold where you are. It's raining.
Abdikes A: Yes, cold.
Richelle Direny: What days are best for you.
And
Abdikes A: Mondays will be okay too. But in like a rock like around the sound will be okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm gonna put you in for seven o'clock.
Abdikes A: On the 16th, the 16th.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And also I send the message. I'll send a message. And I also
Richelle Direny: When we meet on in group on Tuesday on Thursday at one o'clock.
Richelle Direny: I will lay out some give you a reminder, as well.
Abdikes A: Okay.
Richelle Direny: But the only. This is when I'm scheduling you for the individuals.
Richelle Direny: For the 16 and at that point we will go over what we like what the goals will be
Abdikes A: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Is that right now. Your, your main goal is to be able to just be able to get off of everything.
Richelle Direny: But then you have to be able to work through and identify some things that you struggle with, because oftentimes with
You know when you become
Richelle Direny: If you lose self control you, you
Richelle Direny: lose the ability to cope with stressors. So you use it to help you to get through whatever is overwhelming whatever stressor, you're going through
Abdikes A: Oh, my bad. I literally caught myself, like, Damn, what
Do you smoke.
Abdikes A: Smoke bought a half a pack a day.
Richelle Direny: Well, that's the only thing you don't you don't smoke marijuana right you
Abdikes A: Know,
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I have you scheduled before
Richelle Direny: I have you scheduled for the, the 16th at seven. And I'll also send out a message, who
Abdikes A: Nan level.
Richelle Direny: It, you need to refill. But like I said, if you don't hear from if you don't hear from anyone tomorrow. Just send me a message.
Richelle Direny: And I will
Richelle Direny: Send her another message again. But the best way. If you don't, if I send a message and you don't hear anything.
Abdikes A: And you see like
Richelle Direny: A bear to is going off and you still haven't heard anything yeah log into virtual clinic and let them know, hey, listen. I've been trying to reach out to my provider for a refill. And I haven't heard anything back and I'm all
Richelle Direny: Then
Richelle Direny: I'll send her a message. Okay.
Abdikes A: Okay, thank you.
Abdikes A: No thank you.
Abdikes A: Okay, miss.
Richelle Direny: You too, and I'll try. I'll try to put a reminder on your phone weekly one o'clock on Thursdays for her.
Abdikes A: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you're going to log into virtual clinic and they will give you the on the
Richelle Direny: Zoom room number for you to join the okay
Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, Eddie. Eddie kiss.
Abdikes A: Like yeah yep
Richelle Direny: All right, all right.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Hello.
Richelle Direny: How are you
Oh,
Leah Stover: Good, in some ways, bad some other ways.
Leah Stover: There are good ways and bad and others.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. Well, you see, you're fortunate to get a session today because I don't have any openings on so mid March.
Leah Stover: Oh, what a lot. And then because I haven't been ever here long time and another doctor wanted everybody to do it, which I wanted to talk to somebody anyway about just current situation that just happened here.
Leah Stover: About to make me try.
Leah Stover: while pregnant and it makes me know upset. Anyway, but
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you said you're pregnant right
Leah Stover: Yeah, nine months pregnant.
Richelle Direny: You know, that's how I haven't spoken to you.
Leah Stover: Yeah, is that how long
Richelle Direny: The last time I spoke to you, you had just found out you were pregnant.
Leah Stover: Oh. Oh, wow. Yeah. But that means you said about six months because I was three lines are found out, but still, it's a long dog.
Richelle Direny: whenever you can. Whenever you just find out. That's when you end if you were three months. That's how long I haven't spoken.
Leah Stover: Well, I'm glad I got a whole guy because I needed to do it.
Leah Stover: But though we're looking here.
Richelle Direny: So hound dog was part of your dog was with you in the session, you were sitting out on the patio.
Leah Stover: Yeah. Yep. Yep, there we go. She was raised and how I remember what parking around
Richelle Direny: What's going on, what's new.
Leah Stover: Well, I had a hell of a week.
Leah Stover: And my sister lives in Marion Ohio which up north.
Leah Stover: And she works at gosh factory and she
Leah Stover: And she
Leah Stover: And she had an accident and we didn't know what happened. And my mom freaked out. So I'm frozen. Can you hear me, can you
Richelle Direny: You're just
Richelle Direny: You're, you're a little broken
On
Leah Stover: Can you hear me now.
Richelle Direny: I can hear. I can hear your free your screen is just
Richelle Direny: But I couldn't hear you.
Richelle Direny: What happened to your sister.
Leah Stover: Yeah, she she works at glass factory make the windows. Well, she had x and and it was supposed to be really nice to be here. We weren't sure and mom and I'm, I remember. So anyway, so we got married does. We didn't know what else do you can cut herself family when
Leah Stover: Are you not fair. It's not nothing real batch you cover like and stop mouse and she fell down some steps.
Leah Stover: Because she gets in a hurry, too much, and she always burdens big comfy shoes and should be wearing because she thinks she's a fashion going to allow her dad. She just love to dress up with God work. But anyway, she fell
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: I guess you got costumes carousel model. No, but she wanted us there. We were there for four days.
Leah Stover: She's all right.
Leah Stover: Okay, well, we come back.
Leah Stover: Next time, my husband's family which I needed to. I didn't know when they threw my baby shower.
Leah Stover: So the next day I came back. They got me over to a church, and God bless don't have got blessed me
Leah Stover: The media Mayor for something entirely different in their time, people were to do this big baby shower, which was really nice. I mean, it was really nice. I got like $1,000 for stuff here in this little trailer we live in and I'm an addict for like two days trying to make it
Leah Stover: Where we can get through it. You know, I tried to fix up where the baby's room is in the bathtub and have like
Leah Stover: I say it's like a $300 bassinet that that family. Just give me. I mean, I couldn't be more more happy about how that turned out. It was wonderful. I cried. I couldn't believe how to bring that was
Leah Stover: But
Leah Stover: Yes. Then tonight.
Leah Stover: This is a bad day.
Leah Stover: I took my text.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: I'm not doing any drugs. I have not done no drugs. I don't know drugs have been going on Suboxone for months gear.
Leah Stover: And for some reason, something other than Suboxone checkup or drug test.
Leah Stover: I swear to God, I have not done anything else.
Leah Stover: So I don't know what the medicine or there's some kind of medicine. I've been taken or
Leah Stover: Me.
Leah Stover: Green around people's I don't recall anything like that but it could be that you know it. I don't know.
Leah Stover: It's very upset because I didn't do
Leah Stover: A me th math. I don't even do math, math, I was a heroin addict.
Richelle Direny: Did you did you try to retest the are you, this is just from the what came I'm
Richelle Direny: From your drug test the club. What did they send you a copy or you go to the lab.
Leah Stover: That they should make up
Leah Stover: I have no idea. I get something much very far fetched idea I've never even liked it. I was the opiate addict. I mean, I don't even know anything about it has
Leah Stover: No, I'm not much there ain't no way in hell no way in hell no. So I don't know what what's going on air. I just, if you can let me talk to my doctor robber like heard I
Leah Stover: Got you. Yeah, I mean, it's not even more drivers choice when I was a drug addict. I'm saying
Richelle Direny: So your old The Father, the lab work.
Leah Stover: What
Richelle Direny: Your OB your arm, your, your OB GYN
Leah Stover: Oh, no, no. How about this, the doctor Jamison
Richelle Direny: Okay, well then they chanted, chances are they're probably just gonna have to retest
Leah Stover: Okay, that'd be fine. They can you send me a note as soon as they possibly can and I would redo it. I mean more happy.
Richelle Direny: So how is your sister.
Leah Stover: She's all right. Everything's fine. She just she sprained your ankle real bad. A THOUGHT SHE BROUGHT IT BUT SHE DIDN'T. And she caught her leg really bad. It wasn't like
Leah Stover: It wasn't by their orders renamed but she's gonna have a really big scar.
Leah Stover: Now Messiah or leg.
Leah Stover: It is, it's too much in a hurry. She's always been a good worker. She works her butt off, but she gets to in a hurry and Joe is guys is always that word and big comfy shoes and shirt or not, where I'm worthless. Where's main way because he's just born in cheetah girly girl.
Leah Stover: But yeah, she fell down steps and
Richelle Direny: The gas. Come on her flight.
Richelle Direny: But
Richelle Direny: The glass full on her.
Leah Stover: Yeah, but like cut her leg.
Leah Stover: She was I was falling like a prescriptive crossed
Leah Stover: That they got my phone and or anything as what we saw happen is very we just heard it, and took off memory.
Leah Stover: Because it's not very often anything happens to my older sister. She's usually, you know, really by on and you know and it's not very often we hear anything bad habit into her in a we hear anything back and enter we're we're gone. You know,
Leah Stover: But
Leah Stover: She's. All right, thank God.
Richelle Direny: OK, and the. Okay, that's good, that's good. So you said like right now like your bad news is your shocker was the fact that their drug test came up that was positive for methamphetamine.
Leah Stover: Yeah yeah yeah shocked out. Look at it a couple times.
Leah Stover: I guess it's not what is this but but they but every drug test. I've ever took at. There's your visors place.
Leah Stover: I've never felt any ever maybe the first one ever that I ever went to
Leah Stover: I can't remember why looking for. I think that was all long, long time ago, post a year ago.
Leah Stover: That was the very first one I ever again. I've never failed a drug test for you guys. So I mean, hopefully they'll keep that mind to. I have no clue as a mistake.
Leah Stover: Should be
Richelle Direny: Any other medication.
Leah Stover: Well,
Leah Stover: I was on some
Antibiotics
Leah Stover: And they just to test on some thyroid stuff.
Leah Stover: On me and a little weird. And I was taking some thyroid medicine and I had really been taking it right
Richelle Direny: What kind of antibiotics retaken
Leah Stover: Factor.
Leah Stover: Like a UTI. I don't know any of that stuff could
Leah Stover: Make some kind of a weird combination. Something I have no idea.
Leah Stover: Is and as far as like me and Ronnie, but I'm going anywhere. I'm going nowhere begun way or I don't know where you
Leah Stover: Have no idea
Leah Stover: But yeah, I mean,
Leah Stover: I'm just gonna pray about it.
Leah Stover: Get on my usual class tomorrow, along
With Dr. Jamison
Leah Stover: Yeah, at 130 tomorrow as line.
Leah Stover: My normal session.
Leah Stover: Really, I am I don't want to lose my Madison because it's like, I haven't taken savvy tech for the baby.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: The baby and I don't really want to just like cut off.
Leah Stover: Altogether, I don't know.
Leah Stover: I just don't know if that would be good for me or her and I'm just, I'm just concerned about, I don't know. I don't know how it works.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I think, I think overall, you just need to talk to
Richelle Direny: You just need to talk to Dr. Jamison about the fact that you just took the antibiotics because of the fact that you had a UTI, and it came up that you were positive for
Richelle Direny: Us.
Leah Stover: I'm okay.
Richelle Direny: You're saying that there's nothing new that you've done, or you've been around anybody you if anybody of Guinea, you do you smoke.
Leah Stover: What yeah ever wants to buy maybe like three cigarettes a day.
Leah Stover: That have come way down.
Leah Stover: But
Leah Stover: I mean, I don't do anything and
Leah Stover: It would really like devastate me frame by saying that I would that says, Follow me worse is because the baby. If I was pregnant. I like, Oh, well, you know, maybe I'll walk in my friend's house smell good or something. I wouldn't even care but
Leah Stover: The baby and has worked for me makes me feel like this shit. I didn't even do nothing.
Leah Stover: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I think I'll just I'm
Richelle Direny: Just I talked to the doctor doctor doctor to see
Richelle Direny: You know, you could go over all of the medications that you're on.
Leah Stover: And then you
Richelle Direny: Know, she feels
Richelle Direny: reorder the drug test.
Leah Stover: Yeah, that definitely will. And they probably would. It probably is a factor. I've never failed a drug test the whole time, you know, that probably makes sense to you. I'd say, I mean,
Richelle Direny: Let me your, your, what are you taking some effects or Suboxone
Leah Stover: 70 tags.
Richelle Direny: Okay, did you, does your does your doctor know that you're you're taking study tax.
Leah Stover: Yeah, my family doctor
Richelle Direny: Not your family doctor what I'm the your OB GYN one that I'm
Yes.
Leah Stover: Yes, he knows
Richelle Direny: He is aware of
Leah Stover: Yes, I told him on the first appointment ever that I was
Leah Stover: I know my whole
Leah Stover: The whole history. Where does all heroin for eight years and everything else. So, yeah.
Richelle Direny: You on this, that, in the event when you go. Now what did your doctor telling you about
Richelle Direny: When you go to have the beam. What are some of the possibilities.
Leah Stover: Um,
Leah Stover: Well, I said, Stop about to taper and me down.
Leah Stover: There I guess maybe this last month or something.
Leah Stover: Which
Leah Stover: We've done it yet, but
Leah Stover: We didn't say much about it. I mean, as far as like
Leah Stover: Anything bad
Leah Stover: So I don't, I don't really know.
Leah Stover: About like
Leah Stover: Did he say he
Richelle Direny: He can show up when they test the baby. It can show the baby could be possibly positive
Leah Stover: Well, yeah, yeah.
Leah Stover: I guess baby would be for 70 tax right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it's a possibility.
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Leah Stover: Yeah, yeah. They just mentioned, something like that.
Richelle Direny: If that is the case. Yeah, because it is a possibility. If it is the case. I mean, as long as you let them know
Richelle Direny: Because they're also could be a possibility that they may question you just let them know that you're being followed by a doctor and that you have a therapist and that you're part of a program. So you were being monitored closely.
Leah Stover: Okay. Yeah, I will. Um,
Leah Stover: That's where yeah I got all your guys's names and stuff, all the information. So yeah. All right.
Leah Stover: And I, you know, this is the longest Suboxone clinic or savvy texts or whatever that I've been to, like, before I join you guys, I, I didn't care. I would go to them and
Leah Stover: Get Suboxone and take them and go sell them and I didn't care. You know, I wasn't here when I arrived and that's all buyers me
Richelle Direny: What changes.
Leah Stover: Well, you know, this, this, this group. This thing is you're saying it Amanda is actually really helping me this time.
Leah Stover: And it's took me a while to really face that see it for what it was, but it is
Leah Stover: And me just growing up, I think I got married and
Leah Stover: You know, I've been trying to maintain my own home and keep things straight. Then I got pregnant and it's just like something clicked in my head, you know, either live or you're gonna die. Leah.
Leah Stover: And God gave you a chance to live and and gave you a kid. So
Leah Stover: I'm just done have to download
Leah Stover: It wasn't first box and it's answer be taxed at this point. I don't think I
Leah Stover: Don't
Richelle Direny: Like on the I know that we we haven't met over the last six months. What have you been doing to kind of help you to cope with the different stressors are just the kind of even with the pregnancy get through the pregnancy, the wall is kind of life stressors.
Leah Stover: I've been praying a lot, and I've been trying to set, go.
Leah Stover: Right down goals are things that I want to do tour.
Leah Stover: For baby for me for my husband and I'm writing them down and I'm trying to do them.
Today,
Leah Stover: So I've been trying to focus my mind on
Leah Stover: Pause the things that need done in my life instead of like thinking about bad stuff.
Leah Stover: You know, like fixing up our trailer
Richelle Direny: You said that you've been journaling.
Leah Stover: YEAH. SORTA LIKE and my, my sister who wanted got her
Leah Stover: She bought me this big
Leah Stover: Box of scrapbooking stuff. It's like are fairly expensive. There's a real nice stuff. And I've been like scrapbooking pictures of Kirkland. The whole time she's been in my belly and all that.
Leah Stover: So it's, it's been helping me really helps me a lot.
Richelle Direny: Until you I know you said you live out in a real rural area of Ohio rain.
Leah Stover: You live up in the mountains. Yeah.
Leah Stover: Well, it's a Bob was the last time we talked. I was sore like a fox in it was wrong. So around as I couldn't even Lily doll rate from trial or she down Ada
Leah Stover: But we move. See, we thought I'd try it without another trailer see me. I know we just moved in that trailer. When I talk to you, but it always bad.
Leah Stover: Landlord is an eight year old man and he's losing his mind and he would just come up with stuff that is off the chain and my husband was not doing I was not doing and trying to cause trouble like immensely.
Leah Stover: So we, we get this other trailers much smaller.
Leah Stover: But we take it to Rutland, Ohio, which is better half hour from where I was before that way and then dogs. So when I broke down the road road, then you get to row.
Leah Stover: But I got what bicep here.
Richelle Direny: Where you were living before
Leah Stover: Yeah, yeah. I made a point to get walk by, because I had no signal out here with any cell phones. I had to get Wi Fi. I made it. I mean by adamant and
Leah Stover: Frontier. Now, if you guys haven't been for raw frontier. They act like a didn't want to do it.
Leah Stover: Was Friday the bad guy came back like he didn't want to do nothing. You just want to leave. But he didn't even want to not not make excuses left which is BS.
Leah Stover: Well I prayed about it heard about it. Well, the next guy, he came, he said, we're gonna get this hooked up there matter what happens, I'm gonna get this hooked up today and he did his job. He did it well. So I was very happy about that.
Leah Stover: Guy. Yeah, he actually was lady, we wanted to do what he was supposed to do. And he hooked it up.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: It's like thinking about
Richelle Direny: You're thinking about why
Leah Stover: After Kirkland as her name KR K L y and as well. Naming
Richelle Direny: The baby.
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Oh, the bait. It's a girl.
Leah Stover: Yeah. Kirkland Murray why
Richelle Direny: Oh, that's nice. How do you spell her first name.
Leah Stover: Hey R k l y in it.
Richelle Direny: Oh, Kirk Lynn Okay, okay. Kirkland. Okay.
Leah Stover: Yeah. Well, as I said,
Leah Stover: Sorry, I started saying after purpose is to certain age where she added a new born stage where my husband will have so much like pressure rolling for time and right on it you know I'm
Leah Stover: Thinking about trying to get some kind of part time job to help with the money and take care of
Leah Stover: Her and you know cuz he makes $800 a month. And it's just not
Leah Stover: It's just, it's just not getting it.
Leah Stover: It, it pays the bills and keeps a river of our head, but it doesn't so
Leah Stover: Basically
Richelle Direny: All because if
Richelle Direny: You don't pay a whole lot for your trailer fee. Right.
Leah Stover: Now know that we we actually assess the reason why we, you know, it's more or less like you know we we get the smallest
Leah Stover: Cheapest living arrangement that we can think of, I mean, I was joking around my baby shower. I was like, man, before I got pregnant. I would add four sticks in the tar, I can make a whole lot of it and
Leah Stover: It is different. I gotta have a home, you know, but
Leah Stover: It, it's, it's about the smaller form of living that you can get and still be legitimately living you know i mean
Richelle Direny: I don't think you can get any smaller than a tiny house.
Leah Stover: Yeah. Yes. Basically what it is. I've got a little tiny room for Kirkland.
Leah Stover: It's just like a square, but I've got all our stuff hung up. I've been working my butt off on and then we got this room back here.
Leah Stover: We can't really like transform and around because this is bad is attached to Thor.
Leah Stover: Is it is it all style it. I've got it, I've got some pretty good. And here we model that they have painted
Leah Stover: Painted everything in the kitchen in the living room.
Richelle Direny: Hmm. So you guys are gonna but you said that this is your first child, right.
Leah Stover: Yeah, this is my first kid. She's a miracle. I didn't think I could have kids, they were going to send me to Ohio University.
Leah Stover: College Hospital, or whatever because they could not figure out why.
Leah Stover: I couldn't have kids, why my periods were messed up. They could not figure out what was wrong with me. Yes, three or four doctors could not figure out
Leah Stover: And I just thought, well, maybe it's just a fully Bly photo and I thought I couldn't get pregnant and Nolan years old. I'm 33 so I got pregnant when I was
Leah Stover: 32 or something like that and
Leah Stover: All the mirrors and never to get pregnant. I had younger, younger boyfriend's mother and 49 years old and I'm 33
Leah Stover: So it's a miracle within itself.
Leah Stover: He has three other kids from his first marriage, where he was married for 24 years to the same woman. So he's very faithful man. I mean, as far as like staying in a relationship, take care of family, but his youngest daughter is 23 four
Leah Stover: So Kirkland is like 23 years younger than his younger sister.
Richelle Direny: Hmm. So this is his second daughter, daughter.
Leah Stover: This is his fourth kid. He has a boy who is 27 ish a girl who's 26 and then a 23 year old, they're like stair steps he started when he was like 18 having kids picture loving me, looks like a kid holding a kid.
Leah Stover: He's over now. It's a sporting are now is
Leah Stover: A really good father. I mean, these kids love him. He's a really good for
Leah Stover: You
Richelle Direny: I thought he wouldn't have another time.
Leah Stover: Now, no, no. He talked about it because he's in love with me and Stephen. You know how when you want to be with a man you're loving talk about like it was just talk like as far as dreamers. Are you pregnant, he could get me.
Leah Stover: Wrong it all over.
Leah Stover: So I know God did it for a reason, is our I thought that it was done, I don't settle for that never would.
Leah Stover: That I guess.
I mean everything hit
Richelle Direny: Its own time.
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Leah Stover: He is girls are totally psyched about this. They are so happy about this.
Leah Stover: And his youngest one she acted a little weird. And I think it's where she's kind of
Leah Stover: Like Daddy's Girl sore saying like, I'm the youngest and now I'm not anymore or whatever.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, she's no longer the baby.
Leah Stover: Yeah, but she she's coming around and they they actually they spent like China, I wouldn't never asked him to do this but
Leah Stover: The one that his male daughter. She, her his or her husband works on. He's a captain on the river. He makes mega money. I mean like mega money and she just like when booed out all the all the staff are lazy and I was happy to get it, you know.
Leah Stover: But I would have never asked her to do it.
Richelle Direny: She went shopping. You said for the baby.
Leah Stover: Oh, yes. Oh my gosh, I've been in presence every other president would be like a call. In summary, the summary. That's just too darn thing they bought so much stuff going it's
Richelle Direny: His other daughter's name is Marie, too.
Leah Stover: Yeah, yeah, that's some of it to see my name's Lisa Marie.
Leah Stover: Her name is Lisa Marie.
Leah Stover: And she's named after her mother was such ex wife would just Lisa Marie.
Leah Stover: Marie.
Leah Stover: Which is the all but
Leah Stover: You read down a good
Richelle Direny: And then so yeah me. I'm currently Murray.
Leah Stover: Yeah, yeah. I thought it sounded good, not good with a family day.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so the other daughter and the both his daughters have Marie.
Leah Stover: Know the one
Leah Stover: male name is her name is Nicole in
Leah Stover: As the middle one. She's a beautiful girl. She's always smiling. She was she she's kind of quiet so smile but you hit that wrong. Oh my god, that like back in the day when she was little bit younger. She was one of the main is girls in a town.
Leah Stover: Like nobody wanted to fight with this girl.
Leah Stover: And I was like, Oh my gosh, I have my daughter and I have, what are some of that inner. I don't want to be fighting every day that she picked up or, you know,
Leah Stover: Because I'm not much of
Leah Stover: That
Richelle Direny: So, um, I mean, it sounds like you know what after you have the baby. Are you gonna have a lot of support to help you.
Leah Stover: What
Richelle Direny: after you have the baby.
Leah Stover: Oh, yeah, yeah. No doubt me, I got my mom, which is always been a, you know, very pious thing first for me.
Leah Stover: And my husband, which he, I know that he will do everything he can
Leah Stover: To make sure that they're not taking care of and maybe taking care of. We're going to see, he's a very good husband and he's a good man and he gets a little stressed out overwhelmed.
Leah Stover: And he gets overly upset about things, but he is just as he loves to start my day and he scared scared, basically.
Leah Stover: But yeah, I got tons of support.
Leah Stover: From both and
Richelle Direny: That's good, that's good.
Richelle Direny: That's good. So you're. I mean, it's a smaller place or your mom or your sister won't be able to come to the house, your house, too.
Leah Stover: Well yeah, I mean they can't like spend the night with taking like visit during the day.
Leah Stover: Me and Chuck are our goal. One of our goals in this in this might be down the road a little bit because of the money factor is to build a ring on this thing.
Leah Stover: Because we have this this is ours. So
Leah Stover: In my mind, that
Richelle Direny: It's a movable um it's on mobile, where it can move
Leah Stover: Right.
Richelle Direny: It's
Leah Stover: Yeah yeah
Leah Stover: It has to front doors and saying about it's kind of old style.
Leah Stover: But
Leah Stover: Our goal is to build a ring.
Leah Stover: Out one of these front doors. So he ain't got care no walls out or nothing.
Leah Stover: And make them bigger home.
Leah Stover: Out of this because
Leah Stover: We have this we bought this is ours and
Leah Stover: I just saying it would be crazy to doing the same thing. I mean, pay rent and do our whenever we have something at our
Leah Stover: Know,
Leah Stover: That's what we're that's our plan.
Leah Stover: At where our i mean you get
Leah Stover: A box of a belt. The word
Leah Stover: Out about them.
Richelle Direny: I mean hey, you're making it work. I mean, it's cost effective. It's just a matter of now it's now it's always just been it's just been you and your husband. So now I was just trying to figure out, how's it going to be with you and I'm
Richelle Direny: With the three of you.
Leah Stover: Yeah. Yeah, basically. And, and it's a good thing, really, you know, we've kind of cut out all the cancer.
Leah Stover: Bars like anything that could have been like
Leah Stover: Bad for us or call us and say can travel, we pretty much cut down our lives, little by little, because
Richelle Direny: What do you mean that causes can. What do you mean the cancer.
Leah Stover: Like
Leah Stover: The bad people bad influences people, it was still for
Leah Stover: People
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, just bad influences like that's what you call cancer, anything that's a bad influence
Leah Stover: Well, yeah. Yeah, just
Leah Stover: Just talk through my head.
Richelle Direny: Hey, listen. That's a great if you think of it that way, it can definitely you know keep you from, you know, going taking 10 steps backward having a relaxing. You think of
Richelle Direny: You know, people in your lives and sort situation places as it being a cancer. And when you look at what cancer is or any kind of major illness like this and what it does to your body, or to your life.
Richelle Direny: If you look at, you know, the people who are not uplifting you, the people who are not helping you to move forward in life and helping you get to that next step where that next level. If you think of them like that it's easier for you to not
Richelle Direny: Really associate yourself with
Leah Stover: So that's a good right
Richelle Direny: It's a good analogy. And if that's what works for you, then keep it don't don't disown it. Don't let anybody make you this owner. Just keep it.
Leah Stover: As the way I feel about it. I mean, like,
Leah Stover: My husband agrees with me about it. You know, it's like if they're not here to to be
Leah Stover: A true friend or true family or, you know, I don't even care if they're not, I don't care if they're here to give me something or not. Give me something is always
Leah Stover: There. Here we care about Me and love Me and not try to hurt me in any way. If they're not doing that. And then I'm getting to where it was me, you know, that's
Richelle Direny: That's what's important, because now the difference now.
Richelle Direny: What you're faced with is that now it's not just about you. It's about a little life. And this is a little innocent child and you if you allow the cancer, as you say,
Richelle Direny: To consume you or to metastasized which means that spread throughout your life. It can ultimately the consequence that you can suffer is losing this child that you never thought you can have
Leah Stover: Right, right. That's exactly our film.
Richelle Direny: And if you look at it that way it will definitely make you think twice about
Richelle Direny: Will not
Richelle Direny: Come back in your life.
Leah Stover: Yes, definitely. Definitely. Definitely and and you have so many large will just lie and each slide or destroy kill still destroy the Bible golden and and they just lie jealous or bad or whatever the reason that they can ruin your life and
Leah Stover: And I just
Leah Stover: Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: And that's
Richelle Direny: What we talked about in terms of our coping skills. What is your, what is in your toolbox of skills that is one of your. It's like if you find a way
Richelle Direny: To associate a certain
Leah Stover: Group of people or
Richelle Direny: Friends that you've had in my everyone in your life is not necessarily your friends.
Leah Stover: Now, yeah. Yeah, not even like yeah
Leah Stover: Do you find out quicker than others, you know, drag out and hurt your, you know, but yeah, they're definitely not
Leah Stover: The past year right
Leah Stover: Friends, I thought I had a need this.
Leah Stover: There wasn't they weren't friends and just deliberately do something to turn around me or no reason because it's up. Well, that's nothing new as me. Yeah.
Leah Stover: He want help law, then they do some blue like
Richelle Direny: But, but, you know, but there's the same. There's a saying that says misery loves company.
Leah Stover: And yeah.
Leah Stover: That's true.
Richelle Direny: If you look at it, if you think about what that means, like, okay, what, what do you get from that.
Leah Stover: They get to somebody miserable at their life stops like they don't want to be alone in it.
Leah Stover: You can actually
Richelle Direny: Tell you the consequences and all of that they're going through, and how much it's causing havoc in or they're going to tell you that part.
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Leah Stover: He just wants to
Leah Stover: Be
Leah Stover: There should just be selfish basically that's it.
Richelle Direny: That's it. And so
Leah Stover: We bought understand that way.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so, and we blindly join that not and it's not that you want to be a horrible friend and you want to say, oh, I don't want you to stand alone, but not if I'm helping you to come out of your misery. I'm not trying to join.
Richelle Direny: The misery. I'm helping you get out of it, but it's going to be a tug of war.
Richelle Direny: Where you're going to put
Richelle Direny: Me in your misery. What do you do with that that role that you're playing tug of war with what do you do
Leah Stover: Goes back to
Richelle Direny: Let it go.
Richelle Direny: Just let it go. If you want to walk down this road of ultimate destruction, nothing's really happening for you, um, things is not going as you would like it to go.
Richelle Direny: You've lost everything. You can't really get a sense of stability or anything like that. Not affirm put to stand on.
Richelle Direny: And if I, if you see that and I noticed that. And I'm trying to help you. The best way I know how. With the resources that I have. If I'm helping you to attain that
Richelle Direny: And you're fighting meat and you're pulling me down with you. The only thing left for me to do is to say
Richelle Direny: I love you, but I'm going to love you from afar, because I cannot allow myself to go down this road, I work too hard to get where I'm at right now, so I will love you and I would love you from afar. When you're ready for that help you can join
Leah Stover: Yeah, that's just church and sat there. The sad part about feminist is, as I understand it and understand it from the other side because I did it.
Leah Stover: And it's hard for me to say that not a problem but never said it before, but hey, I get it. Thank you so much fun. When I was on heroin.
Leah Stover: And I was the gold time if I could bring somebody down there with me, I would have down there with me because I didn't want be alone sick. Yeah, or to get money when I could or whatever the case.
Leah Stover: So I understand it from both ends, and I don't
Leah Stover: I don't want being the person that is it me, I just don't want to be that person anymore.
Richelle Direny: This is the thing. And I like that you pointed that out. You say you understand it from both ends you mastered it, and you really understand it from one end, you're still trying to understand it from this
Leah Stover: Right.
Richelle Direny: And the reason why you're trying to understand it because while you are, you're still, you're not necessarily up here, you've kind of the person who is right here that's struggling
Richelle Direny: You'll have kind of gotten your cell phone. So it's like there's a song you fall in what you've gotten back up. This person has fallen but they're staying down
Richelle Direny: You found the strength and the courage to get back up through whatever resources from whatever angle from whatever situation from whatever experiences you somehow got yourself up and you are, where you are.
Richelle Direny: You know what you've gotten a taste of what life is like being without the drugs, right, or
Richelle Direny: Just where you work at some point in life.
Richelle Direny: We want to reach down and you want to help this person, but the question is have you gotten to a place where you're strong enough that if this person where you know where you once was.
Richelle Direny: It down to help that. Are you strong enough that if they pull you down, you're not going to go down with. That's the question.
Leah Stover: Yeah, that is, and I had a test on that.
Leah Stover: Bow, a week ago.
Leah Stover: My husband drop me off at my mom's to talk to her for a little bit and him and his body went to go sell some antiques. They had their friends or their
Leah Stover: Well, being a driver. So they had has no stuff and lives of all over there but ever
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: His friend comes on the back room with with to share with with heroin, you know, and
Leah Stover: My husband's a little bit past is he, he does guitar, right, because he knows why went through with that shit. He didn't do we got off of it together, which is very rare but
Leah Stover: I was in a truck with them. They came back to me.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: It, it didn't bother me. I get didn't. There was no thought like, oh, I'm gonna find way to get some of that nothing. It was just like
Leah Stover: I saw my mom was hell no. I'm never doing that so
Leah Stover: Every test for me and I'll pass it.
Leah Stover: You know, I don't know, hopefully, you know,
Leah Stover: Hopefully if he wasn't there. I could do it. You know, I guess that would be the ultimate test, you know, but I think good, pretty good just deny what you know we're thinking about that at all like he didn't even wind come back home with us that he had it. He made him leave.
Leah Stover: And Tony better. So get rid of whatever is going to do to my ear.
Leah Stover: So,
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: So it's, it's, you have to be at a place because okay so you. How long have you been on your road of recovery.
Leah Stover: Said, on and off about
Leah Stover: Two and a half years. Okay. That first that first year on it will dabble on this whatever
Richelle Direny: You have three people. So I'm going to give you an advantage you have three people. You have the one person who is still struggling, right, the one person who is that the other person who has about two
Richelle Direny: You have the other person who has about two to three years of sobriety under their belt.
Richelle Direny: They've had a few snippets here and there, but they understand like, hey, you know what, even though I have a few snips. I was still able to to kind of come up and because remember every slip up the clock starts over right
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This person who's had now 20 years of sobriety under their belt.
Richelle Direny: And this person has maintained they pretty much they have a solid footing on the ground. It's pretty much cement that has gotten them down on the ground, they're doing what they're doing.
Or
Richelle Direny: Out of the two people will do you think is in a better position to help this person that's down here.
Leah Stover: That, that one is knowledge.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. Now how out of these two people who understands what this person is struggling within knowing that they need that help well out of the two people will understand
Leah Stover: I said,
Richelle Direny: You're right. Both of them understands what this person is going through both of them wants to help this person.
Richelle Direny: Both of them knows that, hey, I'm reaching a hand. And I want to pull you up, but you're pulling me down and I'm trying to get you from where you are, but don't both of them understand this person. Which one is in the better position to help this individual.
Leah Stover: That the one that's more stable and they're surviving
Richelle Direny: The one that is still, you're still young, you're still a baby in your sobriety this person isn't isn't adults.
Leah Stover: He's not
Richelle Direny: He's an adult, but this one is still a baby can have baby help a person who is still struggling
Leah Stover: Thank you, if they got to involve
Leah Stover: That probably but
Leah Stover: And yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's what I'm trying to so when you said that you've been on you. You understand, but you've mastered you know exactly what the person who's still down is going
Richelle Direny: Your heart still goes out to that person because hey, I just got up, I'm trying to get you up, but you're pulling me down.
Richelle Direny: And if you keep pulling me. I don't have a strong grip on life yet. So guess what you keep pulling me. What are you going to do, because your heart is there with that person, then you don't have a strong grip online for the person who's down was eventually going to happen to you.
Leah Stover: Will be down with them.
Richelle Direny: You're going to be down there with them.
Richelle Direny: That's the reason why I said you're still learning how to master the art of saying
Richelle Direny: I want to help you but I'm unable to help you because I haven't fully mastered I can give you the tools and I can give you the encouragement.
Richelle Direny: But right now, you keep pulling me down and I don't want to go down there because
Richelle Direny: I have a husband that I can lose. I have a home that I can lose. I have a baby that I never thought I would have I can lose. I have family that's there. I have so much that I can lose and I have seen and I have tasted.
Richelle Direny: What it's like to be up here. I can help you. But if you refuse. I can't, I can't continue because I don't want to lose what I have. I will love for you to join me. But if you are not going to join me and if you keep pulling me. I'm going to have to let go.
Leah Stover: Right.
Richelle Direny: I'm going to have to let go. And so you're at that place where you're still trying to master, you're still trying to hold on, you're still trying to find your grip, you're still, you're still trying to do that. And it's okay.
Richelle Direny: To be there. Your. Are you still going to have the mixed emotions are you going to still have this feeling of guilt. Are you still going to feel bad that you're turning away and walking away from that person that's down there.
Richelle Direny: Are you still going to feel those ways
Leah Stover: Oh boy.
Richelle Direny: Hands down. It's not a problem. It isn't I, hands down, you are going to feel that way and it's okay to feel that way because like you said you were there, you were that person.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, know what it is, like, but now some way somewhere in life. You just, you said, Okay, enough is enough. I want what that person who walked away from me. I want to see, feel, and taste and now I am I felt it and I've tasted, and I'm liking what life is over here.
Richelle Direny: I can for not only for me. But for this.
Richelle Direny: unborn child that's about to come into this world. I don't want to lose that life and I don't want to lose her
Leah Stover: Because
Richelle Direny: I'm so focused on trying to help someone else in order for
Richelle Direny: The broken. You have to be healed the broken can help the broken the blind can't help the black have both of us being blank on cross cross over a busy highway, tell me how
Leah Stover: He says,
Richelle Direny: He's not
Leah Stover: Right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You have. Yeah. Wait, where are you, you are, where you you have that sobriety under your belt. You can tell a person, hey you know what you can, but then if they don't want to. And they insist, then, now that you look at, listen, you're almost a cancer to me and I don't want that cancer.
I want
Richelle Direny: And that's just how you have to, so it's okay to own it into it's okay to say
Richelle Direny: It's okay to
Richelle Direny: Feel how this person feels it's okay to know what this person is going through. It's okay to understand the struggle that that person. It only tells you in confirm that you are human and your heart goes out to this person.
Leah Stover: Right.
Richelle Direny: What you were trying to work on is how to
Richelle Direny: Establish and embrace
Richelle Direny: The life over here.
Leah Stover: Yeah.
Leah Stover: You're still I still have
Leah Stover: Issues like I still have
Leah Stover: I still have problems with it was just, it was a diction like
Leah Stover: In my mind, like I feel like I'll never truly get away in my life with
Leah Stover: Like a it's like addiction is always in it. Is it always in my mom, whether it be something else. I don't know. Like it's
Leah Stover: It's always going to be there.
Richelle Direny: But guess what, it's there because you're still working through
Richelle Direny: Your
Richelle Direny: You lose self control. That's what it is. You lose self control and so you become addicted.
Richelle Direny: To those things and substance or whatever it is that you use to cope with your stressors, you
Leah Stover: Need to cope
Richelle Direny: You have lost the ability to process and to know how to process it until to know that it's okay to feel and even though it feels and it hurts like hell right now, but it will pass. I don't need to get something to numb. This feeling so I don't have to feel you've gotten addicted.
Richelle Direny: For those suppressants THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE ADDICTED TO YOU'RE ADDICTED TO NOT FEELING
Richelle Direny: I don't want to feel and I don't want to experience all of that. So I'm going to find anything that stops it and that's where your addiction comes from
Richelle Direny: But it's through therapy. And over time, you learned that if I cut and it hurts for a while. It's okay. That's the natural part of life. It's going to hurt, but guess what, it can't hurt forever. It is going to stop.
Richelle Direny: And I, both in order for me to understand the pain. I have to go through the pain in order for me to know and in help other people. I have to go through it. I have to understand. You know what I felt ping it hurt like hell but I know, eventually, it's fine.
Leah Stover: Yeah, that is the moment. So I told somebody the other day, friend of mine was you're talking to me and she was on drugs, a lot too. And on Suboxone to
Leah Stover: I was explained to her. What was like when I was full fledged thing on heroin. It was like I had a glass box around me. It's like, I could see through here through it.
Leah Stover: And people could see me. They knew they could touch me, but it was like God couldn't nothing to touch me. So I got that the heroin glass box around me and nothing to nothing. Nothing could get to me.
Leah Stover: And little by little, whenever I started getting off of that glass box or come down and
Leah Stover: Stop.
Richelle Direny: My video is going to stop, but I'm gonna
Leah Stover: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: You see me.
No, no.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you.
Leah Stover: Okay, I'm still hear me right
Richelle Direny: I can still hear you. Yeah, I was talking to you on a different thing. And that just shut down so
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Go ahead and finish what you were saying.
Leah Stover: But we're not glass ball or countdown does come
Leah Stover: Started
Leah Stover: Me like memories I started realizing you know what really happened being molested can
Leah Stover: bang out and I started realizing that that stuff really happened. It wasn't just a
Leah Stover: Watch, or was it a movie or a story really happened and
Leah Stover: Then I had to figure out how to deal with it.
Richelle Direny: And
Leah Stover: I'm still kind of dealing with it, but
Richelle Direny: God's
Law.
Leah Stover: I prayed that
Leah Stover: That he would make it work did half and and I prayed that prayer that he's one day.
Leah Stover: I can't make it work. Didn't happen, but I can make you feel happy.
Leah Stover: Man, and he did eventually have
Leah Stover: Like LA or soon to it and I can see him, and it does crush wide so
Leah Stover: Like
Leah Stover: Basically
Richelle Direny: Yes, I can. And what what you said, what's important. It's that it's that you tried to suppress through the drugs and through everything that you did what you got addicted to stopping numbing the pain.
Richelle Direny: I'm somewhat trying to wipe away the memories of what occurred. It's coming to that it didn't happen. How do I
Richelle Direny: Work through it, how do I, I know that it happened. How do I, how do I begin the process of healing.
Richelle Direny: How do I begin the process of forgiving because forgiving doesn't belong necessarily to you're the person who did this against you. It belongs to you for giving the person belongs to you so that you can release them and so that you can begin the healing process and working
Richelle Direny: And that's what it is. And like you said you have your faith in God and God helps you through it. You have your husband and you have that team of support around you.
Richelle Direny: And that is all part of the support system that is going to help you to to to heal and to go through it.
Richelle Direny: And to end to be when one day to be able to help someone but you are not you're unable to help someone right now because you're still your wound is still open. It's still wrong. And it needs to begin the healing process.
Leah Stover: Yeah, it definitely is a long process. You know, I always saw. Well, it's been here a long time, but it don't have no time frame on it and
Leah Stover: It doesn't take the first step could be 10 years now, how you processes.
Richelle Direny: Exactly. Think about whenever you go to like if you have a cut or you have a wound and you know how when you go to the doctor when the wound is there is fresh. It's kind of a band aid they put something over it right to kind of protect it.
Richelle Direny: Yeah elements. Right. But then after a while. What do they do.
Leah Stover: And
Leah Stover: He'll basically
Richelle Direny: They remove it.
Richelle Direny: They remove it as it but the when you first get the wound. It's fresh and they need to protect it from all this element. So it could start
Richelle Direny: Under the bandage it could start that process. But eventually, you have to remove that band aid.
Richelle Direny: And because it needs the air, it needs the finished it's healing process. So you need to remove that band that you need to remove all of it.
Richelle Direny: To continue with that healing process. And that's kind of where you are right now. So it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: Now you're at that point where you know what it's wrong while you're in therapy, while you're in this program.
Richelle Direny: You're still now you've gotten to that point where you like you're leading I'm hurting. I need to. So under the protection
Richelle Direny: Or kind of the guidance. I shouldn't say protection guidance under the direction of being in a program or working through it, we're processing. A lot of the past hurt and pain that you've gone through
Richelle Direny: It doesn't get rid of it. It doesn't on do it. It doesn't say it never happened. It did. It's how do you start today to work through it. You're not going to get you will never not remembering, but how do I start to move on and not allow
Richelle Direny: What happened to me in the past to continue to control me
Where I
Richelle Direny: How do I if I hurt. I go through it in a healthy way instead of an unhealthy.
Leah Stover: Right.
Leah Stover: Well,
Leah Stover: I have to be then babies like oh my bladder. So I guess I'll
Leah Stover: Schedule another appointment with you guys.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Leah Stover: And I probably for a long time, but
Leah Stover: Somebody probably send me an email or something.
Richelle Direny: Like today.
Leah Stover: So,
Richelle Direny: What are you doing, so first of all, when are you do because you're nine, when are you do
Leah Stover: March 28
Richelle Direny: Okay, so let's I'm going to quickly make an appointment for you.
Richelle Direny: Right before you maybe a week or two before your appointment.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and before your do because I mean the baby can come anytime sounds like at this point.
Leah Stover: Yeah, shake her head down there were supposed to be in everything.
Richelle Direny: You said march 28
Richelle Direny: Yeah okay let's meet let's meet for a session on the eight team.
At six o'clock.
Leah Stover: 18
Leah Stover: Six a call.
Richelle Direny: Yes, and I'll send you a reminder
Leah Stover: Okay, okay.
Leah Stover: Well, yeah.
Richelle Direny: If you, if I mean of course if you go in early on.
Leah Stover: You know,
Richelle Direny: Just let us know and I'll find out somehow.
Leah Stover: Yeah. Okay. Well, thank you for talking with me. I'm glad I got ahold of you.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Leah Stover: And if you can, if you talk to Dr. Jamison, and last but
Leah Stover: Certainly not for
Leah Stover: myself out. He ended. I really don't know why that's like that. And then I wouldn't do that to myself right now my recovery. I would not do that, what
Richelle Direny: What time do you go to group 12 o'clock or 130 on Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: Okay, alright, so I'll check it. I think what I'm going to start doing is kind of jumping in on the groups, just to remind send reminders of our sessions. Okay.
Leah Stover: Yeah, I would have a lot of people have trouble, my group was remembering and their lives and, you know, so that would probably help a lot.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. So we'll meet and then we will, and just, I would recommend between now is just to continue doing your journaling about like some of the things that you're, you know, whatever comes to mind just journal it and then when we meet
Richelle Direny: The next time we'll kind of talk about it.
Richelle Direny: And just, I would like you even just the one thing that you can take away is the process even in our session today.
Richelle Direny: It's like, what is something that you're still struggling. If there's one thing that you can name that it's a continuous struggle for you. What is that and kind of journal, like what is that stroke.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Leah Stover: Do that.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So, okay.
Leah Stover: All right.
Richelle Direny: All right.
Leah Stover: You too. Thank you.